





NOTES:  



*Offeror to propose payment schedule for for CLINs 0001, 00004 and 0007 based on milestone events or deliverables with business proposal.



**Award Fee for the below Contract Line Items (CLINs) is determined and awarded at the sole descretion of the Government, and is not subject to the Disputes Clause: 0001, 0004 and 0007



Recapitulation of Cost:



Base Year:		____________________

Option Year I:		____________________

Option Year II:	____________________



Total All Years:	____________________



ITEM

SUPPLIES / SERVICES

QTY / UNIT

UNIT PRICE

EXTENDED PRICE

0001

National Tobacco Media Campaign

Per Performance Work Statement Activities A through M*



PPHF 2012



Base Year: 9/1/2012 – 8/31/2013

1 Job





0002

Travel - PPHF 2012



1 Lot



Not to Exceed:

$134,841.00

0003

Award Fee**  PPHF 2012



Not to exceed .005% of CLIN 0001

1 Job



TBD











0004

National Tobacco Media Campaign

Per Performance Work Statement Activities A through M*



Option I: 9/1/2013 – 8/31/2014

1 Job





0005

Travel

1 Lot



Not to Exceed:

$160,000.00

0006

Award Fee**

Not to exceed .005% of CLIN 0004

1 Job



TBD











0007

National Tobacco Media Campaign

Per Performance Work Statement Activities A through M*



Option II: 9/1/2014 – 8/31/2015

1 Job





0008

Travel

1 Lot



Not to Exceed:

$160,000.00

0009

Award Fee**

Not to exceed .005% of CLIN 0007

1 Job



TBD
                                                                   ATTACHMENT 2
                                                            PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT

TITLE: CDC’s National Tobacco Education Campaign

Background: Tobacco use remains the leading preventable cause of death in the United States, causing more than 443,000 deaths each year and
resulting in an annual cost of more than $96 billion in direct medical expenses. According to the Report of the Surgeon General (2010)—“How
Tobacco Causes Disease”—damage from tobacco smoke is immediate. Inhaling the multitude of chemicals and compounds in tobacco smoke—more than
7,000—causes immediate and long-term damage and leads to disease and death.  Smoking longer means more damage.  The only proven strategy for
reducing the risk for tobacco-related disease and death is to never smoke, and if you do use tobacco products, quit.

Approximately 80% of adult smokers started smoking before the age of 18.  Every day, nearly 4,000 young people (18 years of age and younger) try
their first cigarette, and another 2,000 become regular daily smokers. More than 6.4 million children living today will die prematurely because
of a decision they will make as adolescents—the decision to smoke cigarettes.

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is the lead federal agency for tobacco control. CDC’s Office on Smoking and Health (OSH)
provides national leadership for a comprehensive, broad-based approach to reducing tobacco use. A variety of government agencies, professional
and voluntary organizations, and academic institutions have joined together to advance this approach, which involves the following activities:

    • Preventing young people from starting to smoke
    • Eliminating exposure to secondhand smoke
    • Promoting quitting among young people and adults
    • Identifying and eliminating disparities in tobacco use among population groups

Essential elements of this approach include state-based, community-based, and health system-based interventions; cessation services; counter-
marketing; policy development and implementation; surveillance; and evaluation. These activities target groups that are at highest risk for
tobacco-related health problems.  OSH accomplishes these goals by expanding the science base of tobacco control; building capacity to conduct
tobacco control programs; communicating information to constituents and the public; and facilitating concerted action with and among partners.

A Vigilant Opponent:  The tobacco industry constantly loses customers because many current smokers quit smoking or die from tobacco-related
diseases. The major cigarette companies alone spend about $1 million an hour to promote their products and glamorize and normalize tobacco use.
Studies show that tobacco advertising, promotions, and sponsorships foster positive attitudes towards tobacco use among youth, which effectively
motivates them to smoke. Additionally, pricing discount strategies (coupons, two-for-one offers, etc.) make tobacco products more affordable for
the smoker.

Health Communication Interventions: An effective health communication and counter-marketing intervention should deliver strategic, culturally
appropriate, and high-impact messages in sustained and adequately funded campaigns. Successful campaigns today employ a wide range of
dissemination channels, including paid television, radio, billboard, print, Web, digital, and social media. Concepts and strategies vary by
target audience, but the messages associated with them must be delivered in a way that ensures a sufficient percentage of the intended audience
is exposed frequently enough over time to successfully achieve the goals of the campaign.

There is a large body of evidence that documents the use of mass media campaigns to reduce tobacco prevalence, to increase prevention efforts,
and to increase cessation, along with providing the impetus for increased protection from exposure to secondhand smoke.

    • On the basis of a strong body of evidence, the Guide to Community Preventive Services recommends combining mass media campaigns with
      additional interventions as a comprehensive, effective strategy to reduce tobacco use among adolescents. The findings of this review should
      be applicable to most adolescents in the United States. Mass media campaigns can also be effective in helping to reduce adult tobacco use.
    • “Evidence from controlled field experiments and population studies conducted by many investigators in many countries shows that anti-
      tobacco mass media campaigns can reduce tobacco use.” (National Cancer Institute, 2008)

CDC encourages the use of research and audience-based approaches to promoting health actions by individuals and communities. Tobacco counter-
marketing is defined as the use of commercial marketing tactics to reduce the prevalence of tobacco use and shall be the basis for planning and
executing the campaign described in the statement of work. The contractor shall be knowledgeable of and apply the appropriate theoretical models
known to be effective in motivating behavior change.

Current core approaches to disseminating OSH’s information and messages related to its strategic goals include distribution via mass and
targeted media outlets, printed document order fulfillment from a publications warehouse, access to messages and download options on the OSH Web
site, and use of targeted e-mail distribution lists.  OSH responds to more than 40,000 tobacco-related inquiries annually. In the past year, it
distributed nearly one million publications and video products. State tobacco control programs, partners, and the general public rely on OSH for
timely, accurate, and compelling tobacco prevention information.

As fewer and fewer people access newspapers and other printed materials, network television, and traditional Internet sites for information,
employing an information dissemination strategy that includes social media has become a priority for OSH, both for specific counter-marketing
campaigns as well as part of our overall programmatic strategy.  OSH uses a variety of social/digital media platforms, including text messaging,
Facebook, Twitter, GovLoop, YouTube, widgets, buttons, e-cards, podcasts, content syndication, social bookmarking, RSS feed, etc. to reinforce
and personalize messages and to disseminate those messages widely and easily to new audiences.

OSH has a wealth of counter-marketing materials available in its Media Campaign Resource Center (MCRC)—(http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/MCRC).  The
MCRC is a clearinghouse funded by CDC/OSH.  The MCRC licenses and maintains an inventory of tobacco counter-marketing advertisements developed
by state health departments, nonprofit health organizations, and federal agencies.  By providing access to existing materials, the MCRC allows
states, organizations, and government agencies to save the time and high cost of producing new ads.  The MCRC began collecting tobacco counter-
marketing ads over a decade ago.  In order to keep the collection current, relevant, and valuable for all users, the MCRC continues to add new
material to the collection from approved sources.

Legislative History: The 2010 Affordable Care Act (ACA) Provision: Title IV, Section 4002, Prevention and Public Health Fund  contains essential
disease prevention initiatives that will help reduce the health and financial burden of tobacco use by increasing the number of insured
individuals as well as the overall availability of effective cessation treatments.  Provisions include expansion of private and Medicaid
coverage benefits for smoking-cessation treatments and the creation of a new prevention trust fund for proven prevention, wellness, and public
health efforts.  A hard-hitting, national counter-marketing campaign to encourage current smokers to quit is a necessary component of the
initiative’s comprehensive efforts to prevent tobacco use and promote cessation.

Current Campaign Initiatives: OSH is aware of the diminishing resources at the state and community levels for effective counter-marketing
efforts. Most states do not have enough resources to run comprehensive, sustained campaigns with a reach or frequency high enough to experience
desired changes in behavior. CDC’s Best Practices media funding recommendations translate into approximately 800 youth targeted rating points
(TRPs) and 1,200 gross rating points (GRPs) per quarter. According to CDC’s Tobacco Control State Highlights 2010 report, state programs had a
median of 30 TRPs per quarter for youth campaigns and 138 GRPs per quarter for general audience campaigns.

OSH is currently working with an agency in a separate contract to develop and place tobacco education advertisements as part of a campaign
called “Tips from Former Smokers.” This campaign features several people who have suffered from tobacco related diseases and continue to live
with the effects. To underscore the immediate damage that smoking can have on the body, the ads feature people who experienced smoking-related
diseases at a relatively young age. Many of the people featured in the ads started smoking in their early teens, and some were diagnosed with
life-altering diseases before they were age 40.  By showing the impact tobacco can have on younger people, OSH aims to highlight that the damage
from smoking can affect anyone, regardless of their age, and to provide a powerful motivation for smokers to quit now. The campaign launched in
March 2012 and while the paid portion will run for 12 weeks, the PSA portion will run beyond 12 weeks. This campaign consists of TV, print,
radio, out-of-home, and digital media.  A separate evaluation contract is also in place to monitor and analyze the results of the campaign.

Along with the traditional media, OSH is working with the current campaign contractor to develop a social and earned media strategy intended to
extend the reach of the campaign and to get campaign messages to certain “hard-to-reach” audiences. Additionally, OSH is coordinating efforts
with partners (federal, nonfederal, state, community, etc.) to ensure that efforts are complementary and not duplicative. This involves
extensive communication and coordination among the various partners, including the FDA’s recently formed Center for Tobacco Products and their
upcoming communication initiatives (their Office for Health Communication and Education has a contract in place to develop and lead public
health education campaigns that educate a
variety of audiences about FDA tobacco product regulations). Additionally, funding through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
(ARRA)—Communities Putting Prevention to Work (CPPW) initiatives, the National Prevention Strategy, and the recent Community Transformation
Grants are enabling the development of many new tobacco counter-advertisements and the placement of existing effective ads found in the MCRC.
The campaign development and support requested in this announcement will extend and complement current campaign themes while taking care not to
duplicate any previous efforts.


Project Identification and Purpose:  The goal of this National Tobacco Education campaign is to educate the public about the harmful effects of
tobacco use and encourage smokers to quit.   Our objectives will be to raise awareness of the health consequences of tobacco use; encourage
cessation of tobacco products; and to direct people to free resources to help them quit. This campaign will support and reinforce the messages
delivered by state and community media campaigns. The primary target audience for this campaign is the adult smoker ages 18-54. Secondary
audiences include adult and young adult non-smokers, parents, family members, and adolescents.  Coordinated mass media, public and private
sector partnerships, and earned and social media strategies are core elements of the campaign.

The main purpose of this contract is to conduct a paid national media campaign which will run for three to six months (per performance period).
The contractor should shall describe in its proposal a strategy for implementing a paid national media campaign, recognizing that with limited
funds available, an emphasis would need to be placed on leveraging media dollars to the greatest extent possible and considering the best ratio
of national to localized placement. Contractors are encouraged to include budgets for the costs of running a 12- vs. 24-week buy (3 vs. 6 month
campaign) in all 200+ designated market areas (DMAs).

The contractor shall develop up to The contractor shall develop up to fifteen (15) ad packages (5 in the Base year, 5 in Option period one and 5
in Option period two) that may target particular underserved populations at high risk for tobacco use. For the purposes of this contract, an ad
package refers to the comprehensive development of an ad concept, with at least one execution in these mediums: television, radio, print, out of
home, and digital executions. Note that certain executions will have multiple variations in sizes, etc.  The contractor is also free to propose
additional creative ad assets.

four (4) additional ad packages and that may target particular underserved populations at high risk for tobacco use. For the purposes of this
contract an ad package refers to the development of one campaign concept with multiple executions including TV, radio, print out-of-home, (e.g.,
bill board, bus shelter), digital (e.g. banners, buttons, etc.), and any other creative ad assets the contractor may want to propose. For the
campaign to be successful, a thorough understanding of the target audiences, the health behaviors promoted, and the barriers and motivators for
the target audiences taking action is essential. This understanding will inform the placement of media, facilitate the development of messages,
and enhance the campaign strategies and tactics that resonate with the target audiences. Contractors are encouraged to be creative and offer
their best ideas to OSH.

Strategies: The campaign will focus on the identification, production, and paid placement of print, outdoor, digital, and/or broadcast
advertisements to ensure population-wide exposure to tobacco control messages. In order of anticipated dollar expenditures (highest to lowest),
funds will be committed for the following major activities:

    • Paid media
    • Ad package development
    • Earned media
    • Process evaluation
    • Technical Assistance/Training

   Paid media: It is expected that the largest budget category will be for the purchase of advertising time and space to ensure a baseline level
   of population-wide exposure to tobacco control messages. Targeted media will be purchased for dissemination of advertisements on television,
   radio, print, and out-of-home channels, as well as for digital and social media platforms, which can be extremely cost effective because of
   the minimal costs for distribution once messages are crafted and the potential for viral retransmission of these messages among individuals
   and user groups. The contractor shall determine the most cost-effective mix of local, regional, and national media buys to reach the greatest
   percentage of the population. The contractor shall seek a 3-to-1 matching (leveraged) ratio of media time to media purchases.

   Ad package development: The ad packages developed under this contract will use well-designed, emotionally evocative and hard-hitting messages
   to reach smokers with encouragement to quit as well as influential adults, non-smokers, and adolescents.

   Earned media: Media campaign messages will be further disseminated through outreach to national, regional, and local media to generate news
   coverage. Television, radio, print, and electronic news channels have potential for greatly extending the reach and impact of paid
   advertising. The national media buys themselves may generate opportunities for earned media coverage. While a small piece of the overall
   contract, the contractor should plan on conducting appropriate proactive media relations strategies to help support the overall campaign.

   Process evaluation: Process evaluation will be used to measure and monitor campaign exposure (reach and frequency). The contractor shall work
   with OSH to determine the most appropriate data collection methods (e.g., a customized survey).

   Technical Assistance/Training: Technical assistance and training shall be provided to CDC staff, selected audience segments, communities,
   states, and partner organizations to help extend the goals and messages of the campaign as well as training opinion leaders to carry campaign
   messages.  Contract staff shall share expertise in content areas through the use of appropriate formats such as webinars, workshops, in-
   service trainings, briefings, etc.


Related Tobacco Prevention Campaigns:
A number of national public and private sector campaigns, as well as state and community campaigns, exist that aim to reduce tobacco use and
promote cessation. It is the intent of OSH to keep informed about these related campaigns and coordinate with the sponsoring organizations, when
appropriate, to promote consistent messages, positively leverage each other’s efforts, avoid duplication, and minimize nonproductive
competition. Opportunities to collaborate, such as in sharing evaluation data and lessons learned about “best practices,” will be sought.
Additionally, where mutually beneficial and feasible, opportunities for jointly sponsored efforts can be explored. The contractor shall become
knowledgeable about these and other related campaigns and shall coordinate and collaborate with these campaigns as described above.

HHS strategic action plan: To accelerate progress in combating the tobacco epidemic, Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services
(HHS), Kathleen Sebelius, directed HHS to develop a Department-wide strategic action plan for tobacco control.  Published in November 2010, the
Strategic Plan mobilizes HHS tobacco control resources toward the bold vision of a society free of tobacco-related death and disease, and
provides a framework for coordinating tobacco control efforts across HHS and the nation. The Strategic Plan prescribes proven, practical,
achievable actions that can be aggressively implemented at the federal, state, and community levels. It sets forth the most effective evidence-
based approaches by which HHS can build on recent legislative milestones, respond to the changing market for tobacco products, and promote
robust tobacco control programs at the federal, state, and community levels.  All of the activities in this national campaign will serve to
support and complement HHS initiatives, including those in FDA’s Center for Tobacco Products.


Important Context/COORDINATING WITH OTHER CONTRACTORS:  The contractor shall be expected to work with both our current media campaign contractor
as well as our research/evaluation contractor. There are plans to independently evaluate this campaign through the use of a separate
evaluation/research mechanism. The contractor selected for this proposed project shall be expected to work closely with and coordinate all
efforts to ensure effective project management for both the creative and evaluation pieces of this campaign and how to complement the current
campaign in progress.


Description of work: As an independent organization, and not as an agent of the government, the contractor shall furnish the necessary health
communication, advertising, and marketing services in planning, researching, and implementing a strategic and integrated national public
communication and marketing campaign. The contractor and applicable sub-contractors shall furnish all necessary services, qualified personnel,
materials, equipment, and facilities to perform the specified requirements.

This is a performance-based contract. The contractor’s performance will be evaluated in accordance with OSH’s Quality Assurance Surveillance
Plan.  A Performance Metrics Matrix is provided in this solicitation. Pre-award presentations: Also, note that proposed vendors may be asked to
make pre-award presentations during the evaluation process (see evaluation criteria later in this work statement).  Contractors are encouraged
to develop presentations, and provide any creative samples, displays, etc. that will help to visually demonstrate their creative approach for
our initiatives. One on more contract staff should prepare to come to our Atlanta offices to make this presentation (at vendor’s expense).

Note: Campaign activities and sub-activities are described below and deliverables are bolded for easy identification. Contract deliverables will
also be displayed in a table later in this document including quantities of items, frequency, and due dates.


ACTIVITY A:  Developing and Submitting a Work Plan
The contractor shall develop a comprehensive work plan that outlines all of the activities and sub activities of the contract.  The work plan
will describe all contract activities and sub-activities in detail, including:

A.1   Deliverable process flow: The work plan should allow for flexibility but should provide schedules and details such as drafts, revisions,
      clearance, additional revisions, finals, and delivery to CDC.

A.2   Timelines: The contractor shall supply CDC with a comprehensive timeline within the overall work plan, complete with due dates assigned
      for each specific task. For example, a sub-activity identified as “Conduct focus groups” should include timelines for the development of
      screener, moderator’s guide, identifying location, etc. Individual tasks/milestones should reflect due dates by week or day.

A.3   Key milestones: The work plan should also contain all key campaign milestones, including staff assigned to tasks throughout the duration
      of the campaign.

A.4         Work plan drafts and final delivery: The work plan is intended to be a comprehensive “blueprint” of the entire project.  This plan
      will establish an implementation time schedule as well as staff positioned for completion of work with appropriate lead times for proper
      government clearance, partner review, audience testing, creative execution, material revisions, final production, and delivery.  The
      contractor shall be expected to submit at least two (2) drafts as well as a final work plan per performance period (minor revisions will
      continue and should be expected throughout the duration of the project and should be sent to the COR or other identified task leads if
      appropriate as revisions are approved).

            The work plan should be presented using a project management software so that it can be printed out on an 11x17 sheet of paper with
      12-point font.

A.5   Logic Model: As an accompanying component of the work plan, the contractor shall also produce and submit a logic model for the campaign
      that visually displays the campaign blueprint and will include the following items (but may include others at the contractor’s
      recommendation): inputs; goals and objectives; campaign activities; intended audiences; outputs; and short-term, intermediate, and long-
      term outcomes.  This logic model will help to plan, organize, and focus campaign activities. It will also be helpful in coordinating
      activities with the evaluation contract. The contractor shall be expected to submit at least two (2) drafts as well as a final logic model
      per performance period. The logic model shall be reviewed in conjunction with CDC staff and the evaluation contractor before the final
      version will be accepted (see activity F for more details).


ACTIVITY B:  Developing and Submitting a Communication and Marketing Plan
The contractor shall develop and submit a comprehensive communication and marketing plan (including multiple sub-plans) to deliver tobacco
prevention and control messages to the identified audience segments. There will be separate plans for each performance period. The overall plan
shall reflect the appropriate use of marketing and communication strategies to reach the multiple target audiences.

The contractor shall develop goals and specific campaign and behavioral objectives for each target audience. The plan comprehensive plan shall
identify the person(s) responsible for each sub-activity and other details necessary for the successful implementation of the plan.

The contractor shall provide CDC with updated specific plans of action for individual sub-activities. NOTE: All individual strategy plans shall
be submitted to the designated COR 30 days prior to implementation. Also, all plans and sub-plans should include goals, measurable objectives
and outcomes.

The contractor shall produce an overall communication and marketing plan (expect to produce at least 2 drafts and a final version per
performance period) that includes but is not limited to the following components/sub-plans:

B.1   Environmental scan
      B.1.1 Conduct and submit a literature review of relevant communication, marketing and media campaign articles, reports, websites, etc.
             prior to the development of ad packages. The literature review will be a component of the environmental scan summary (which will be
             imbedded in the overall communication and marketing plan).

      B.1.2 Conduct key informant interviews with relevant media campaign experts, including national partners and states who have conducted
             media campaigns.  Capture any recommendations as part of the environmental scan summary (which will be imbedded in the overall
             communication and marketing plan).

      B.1.3 Review formative research and evaluation reports from various OSH and partner media projects (e.g, current media campaign and MCRC
             formative research activities) and provide preliminary recommendations for this campaign in the environmental scan summary (which
             will be imbedded in the overall communication and marketing plan).

      B.1.4 Include a summary of the environmental scan in the communication and marketing plan as rationale for recommendations and campaign
             activities.


B.2   National media buy strategy (also see Activity C for more details)
      B.2.1 Include and submit a federal, state, and community campaigns spreadsheet, detailing the tobacco prevention and control media campaign
             activities for each state, selected communities, other federal agencies, and any other relevant tobacco prevention media activities
             to consider. We anticipate one initial spreadsheet with two updates per performance period.


      B.2.2 Provide rationale for market selection. While the buy will be national, there will be local and population-based buys as well.
             Contractor shall make recommendations in the plan for a cost per point (CPP) analysis by state during each performance period.


      B.2.3 Create and provide a rationale for media buy timeline. Contractor shall recommend timing for a three-month and/or six-month buy and
             capture through a detailed timeline.


      B.2.4 Include and submit a partnership plan that will describe how to extend the reach of the campaign in multiple sub-populations,
             markets, and audiences.


      B.2.5 Include and submit contingency plans if an ad is not performing well in a particular market (e.g., if it is creating confusion,
             backlash, unintended effects).


B.3   Advertisement package development strategy (also see Activity E for more details)
      B.3.1 Include and submit audience personas for each target audience per campaign objective.

      B.3.2 Include and submit creative brief(s), including a strategy statement outlining potential settings, messages, message variables
             (i.e., tone, appeal, etc.) tag lines, as well as those things to avoid by the target audience.

      B.3.3 Identify the types and quantities of materials required to implement the strategies.

      B.3.4 Develop and submit formative research plan and timeline, which includes any anticipated audience testing (such as testing that
             explores attitudes, message platforms, concepts, and rough cuts of proposed materials). Plan should also include time needed for
             government review and clearances (also see Activity D for more details).

B.4   Interactive/digital media strategy (also see Activity G for more details)
      B.4.1 Create and submit an interactive/digital media plan. Describe interactive/digital media activities anticipated, including the Web
             platforms that will be used along with any anticipated viral applications that will be developed. Describe how these activities
             will connect with and support the overall campaign.

      B.4.2 Assess the interactive/digital media landscape and describe the current tobacco prevention dialogue to help inform the
             digital/interactive and earned media activities and the development of the ads. Provide a summary of the landscape and dialogue in
             the interactive/digital media plan.

      B.4.3 Include and submit an interactive/digital media partnership plan that will describe how to extend the reach of digital/interactive
             media activities.

B.5   Earned media/media relations strategy (also see Activity H for more details)
      B.5.1 Describe and submit any plans for earned media activities/toolkits that are anticipated.

      B.5.2 Include and submit an earned media partnership plan that will describe how to extend the reach of earned media activities.

      B.5.3 Propose post-launch strategies for pitching the campaign in month 2, 3, etc. Contractor shall recommend earned media strategies, such
             as satellite media tours, radio tours, desk-side briefings, editorial board meetings, digital earned media opportunities, etc.
             Contractor shall propose plans for how these items will be placed and how they plan on working with states and communities to
             implement strategies.

      B.5.4 Prepare and submit a distribution/promotion plan for both general audiences and audience segments.


B.6   Process evaluation strategy (also see Activity F for more details)
      B.6.1 Include and submit a process evaluation and campaign monitoring plan for the national media buy, and other any other evaluation
             activities anticipated.

      B.6.2 Create and submit measurable campaign objectives that are feasible.

      B.6.3 Compile and submit monitoring and reporting data to OSH on measures related to this campaign as agreed upon with CDC/OSH.

B.7   Additional audience segment outreach strategy (also see Activities C, D, E, H for more details)
      B.7.1 As a part of a national campaign, and dependent on campaign focus, there will need to be some consideration on how to reach specific
           audience segments—not necessarily in the form of a targeted buy, but more likely targeted outreach activities.


      B.7.2 If it is determined that CDC wants to focus on diverse audiences, contractor shall develop and submit specific media outreach plans
           to target and reach these audience segments, including through the production of specific tailored campaign materials.


B.8   Strategy Revisions: OSH may convene expert panels and consultants as well as internal and external stakeholders periodically throughout
      the contract period to guide the planning, development, and implementation of the campaign. It is expected that their ongoing input in
      addition to the formative and evaluation research conducted by OSH’s research and evaluation contractor will continuously inform the
      campaign to refine the objectives; tailor and target the strategies and tactics; and effectively reach large populations of smokers, adult
      influencers, parents, non-smokers, and youth. At the direction of the COR and when deemed necessary, the contractor shall make revisions in
      its strategies and tactics based on the recommendations of the expert panels and consultants and stakeholders.



ACTIVITY C:  Purchasing, Placing, and Leveraging Media
As mentioned in Activity B.2 (national media buy strategy), the contractor shall develop, implement, and submit an overall national paid media
plan that provides for cost-effective strategies for national media placement of campaign messages and materials into all 200+ DMAs with some
additional localized buys (one plan for each performance period).  The contractor shall specify the recommended media mix in the plan.  The plan
should address the maximum communication impact with each target audience.

C.1   Purchase: Media will be purchased on television—local and cable (in all 200+ DMAs), radio, print, out-of-home, Web, and Web 2.0 channels
      (digital outlets). The contractor shall determine the most cost-effective mix of media buys to reach the populations of the selected
      markets. In addition, the contractor shall seek significant matching (leveraged) ratios of media time to media purchases. Contractor shall
      collaborate with CDC staff to consult best practices, evidence base, and outcomes of previous campaign efforts for decisions about
      obtaining adequate GRPs and campaign intensity levels.

            Contractor shall provide staff or employ vendors who are skilled media buyers and have specialized experience in the purchase of a
      buy of similar scope and intensity and who can make cost-effective recommendations to CDC for the best ratios, media mix, and methods for
      leveraging and extending the buy, etc.

            C.1.1      Cost Per Point (CPP) Analysis by State: As part of recommendations made for the national media buy strategy, the
           contractor shall conduct and provide a cost per point (CPP) analysis by state. This analysis for each state will provide information
           including but not limited to target populations within each DMA and county as well as options for cost commitment at various GRP
           saturation levels.  Specifics of the content and format of the analysis will be finalized upon contract award.

C.2   Placement: The contractor’s media buyers shall be responsible for negotiating the best possible price for paid media placements to
      maximize audience exposure (reach and frequency) to campaign messages.  Contractor shall collaborate with CDC staff to consult best
      practices, evidence base, and outcomes of previous campaign efforts for decisions about obtaining adequate GRPs and campaign intensity
      levels.

            The media buys shall focus on targeted channels and outlets available in markets that are best reached through media, such as
      broadcast and cable networking for adult and older adults (e.g., CNN, Fox News, MSNBC) and general-audience media channels (e.g.,
      entertainment-education strategies using popular daytime and prime-time dramas).  This may be best accomplished by partnering with other
      organizations that already have a significant tobacco control presence in the media.

C.3   Leveraging: The contractor shall discuss recommendations and will leverage unpaid media as a match for paid media placements in
      television, radio, print, and Internet buys.  Unpaid media can include but is not necessarily limited to bonus spots, bonus billboard
      announcements, and print and broadcast public service announcements. OSH also envisions the use of interactive and social media strategies
      in support of the counter-marketing initiative.  However, social media efforts are one component of an overall strategy.

C.4   Media Buy/GRP profiles for States and Communities: The contractor shall closely coordinate with CDC staff to display final media buy
      decisions in one-page summaries that capture all media running within the state’s borders, including localized buy information when
      appropriate. Webcasts and briefings near campaign launch will be opportunities to share placement and buy information with key stakeholders
      (see sub-activity L.2).

C.5   Multiple Audience Segments: While not anticipating targeted buys for each sub group, populations will be segmented by age, language
      (English and Spanish), race (white, African American, Hispanic, American Indian and Alaskan Natives, and others), and other demographic and
      psychographic characteristics related to risk behaviors and environmental support. Contractor will recommend best approach for including
      and reaching these segments in various markets, regions of the country as well as employ staff or vendors with specialized experience in
      outreaching particular audience segments (For example, if outreaching to tribes is one of the campaign strategies, contractor shall employ
      staff or obtain the services of vendors familiar with tribal sovereignty and culturally appropriate methods/channels for reaching the
      population).


ACTIVITY D:  Formative Research
The contractor shall implement a comprehensive approach for testing all proposed campaign messages and ad packages.  All materials will be
tested in all formats and in all language(s) that will be used to convey campaign messages. The contractor shall implement all activities
necessary for completing these tasks, including; recruiting individuals for pre-tests; and making logistical arrangements, such as room and
equipment rentals (also see sub-activity B.3 for more details).

D.1   Review prior applicable research and develop testing methodologies: The contractor shall consider prior formative research from related
      health communication and marketing efforts, including any applicable formative research done by current media campaign contractor for
      current ad development and secondary data to establish the initial testing plan and confirm the audience segments. The contractor shall
      coordinate closely with CDC staff to develop and select appropriate methodologies to test concepts, messages, and products.

D.2   Conduct testing: CDC envisions multiple rounds of testing prior to campaign launch. The approach may include the following types of
      testing as described below, using both quantitative and qualitative methodologies as appropriate. The contractor shall recommend the best
      and most cost-efficient methods for each type of testing. The types of testing may include:

            D.2.1      Testing to discern knowledge, attitudes, beliefs, and behaviors (KABs): The contractor shall recommend appropriate
           methods for exploring knowledge and attitudes of the target audience about tobacco use, health consequences, and cessation.  This
           type of testing should extend CDC’s earlier efforts to identify barriers, facilitators, and motivators related to quitting tobacco
           use as well as assess understanding, approaches, and potential impact of messages. Note: contractor shall budget for at least 2
           rounds of testing per performance period.

            D.2.2      Message platform/concept testing: The contractor shall pre-test messages, content, and themes, as well as solicit ideas
           for materials. These rounds of testing should help contractor and CDC staff narrow choices and campaign themes as well as solicit
           feedback about concepts to be used in campaign elements. Note: contractor shall budget for at least 2 rounds of testing of various
           campaign concepts/elements per performance period.

            D.2.3      Rough-cut testing: After development of materials is nearing final revisions, the contractor shall rough-cut test
           materials in all formats and language(s) to confirm message resonance. For general audiences, the contractor shall use on-line
           surveys with a nationally representative sample. For minority and non-English speaking audiences, contractor shall use culturally
           appropriate methodology. Note: contractor shall budget for at least 2 rounds of testing all ads in all formats/campaign material
           prototypes/elements per performance period.

            D.2.4      Multiple audience segment testing: Depending on final goals of the campaign, contractor shall employ firms or staff with
           specialized experience with particular audience segments (e.g., mental health community, Hispanic/Latinos, LGBT, American
           Indians/Alaskan Natives, health care providers, etc.) to provide insight and confirmation of message resonance. Note: contractor
           shall budget for studies with 4 audience segments, recommending the best, most cost-effective, and culturally appropriate
           methodologies per performance period.

                 D.2.4.1     Simultaneous translation and transcripts: The contractor shall ensure that simultaneous translation is provided
                    during one on one or group studies and transcripts are provided in English for any testing session (verbal or written) not
                    conducted in English.

D.3   Formative Research Coordination and Support with Evaluation Contractor: The contractor shall be expected to coordinate closely with the
      campaign evaluation contractors and provide all necessary information and data for their activities. Contractor shall support evaluation
      contract staff during the collection of baseline data and any testing or reporting of formative research.

            D.3.1      Baseline data support and coordination: The contractor shall develop, in collaboration with OSH, the guidelines and
            protocol for the formative evaluation of the campaign’s concepts and materials.

D.4   Research reports: The contractor shall report testing and audience research findings for the newly created messages and materials in the
      form of a topline summary and final version per performance period. These reports may be used to develop campaign briefing materials,
      support evaluation contract, etc.  The contractor shall also make recommendations to CDC staff based on the report findings.

D.5   IRB and/or OMB package submission: As applicable, the contractor shall prepare the Institutional Review Board (IRB) and/or OMB clearance
      packages for each performance period. The contractor shall provide all of the applicable information necessary for the human subjects and
      IRB/OMB packages, including screen shots of on-line testing surveys, information about informed consent, compensation, recruitment methods,
      etc. The timeline for securing these packages can take months and should be started well in advance.


ACTIVITY E:  Developing Campaign Messages and Communication Products
Contractor shall provide a comprehensive and creative approach for the development of all campaign messages and materials.  Contractor is
encouraged to recommend their best approach for managing materials production for a project of this magnitude with multiple audience segments.

The contractor should also include in its proposal a detailed description and rationale of the types of messages it recommends developing for
the target audiences based on campaign goals. These advertisements and messages could use emotional and graphic messages to motivate quitting;
cuing action to call quitlines or visit Web sites that offer cessation advice, such as www.smokefree.gov. The contractor shall apply applicable
research and evaluation findings [See Activity F] to finalize campaign messages, prototype products, and strategies and tactics and to improve
the reach, effectiveness, and efficiency of the campaign.

E.1   Ad Packages: It is expected that some new messages and materials—up to 4  15 ad packages (5 in the Base year, 5 in Option period one and 5
      in Option period two) will be developed.  An ad package refers to the comprehensive development of an ad concept, with at least one
      execution in these mediums: television, radio, print, out of home (e.g., bill board, bus shelter), and digital executions (e.g. banners,
      buttons, etc.). Note that certain executions will have multiple variations in sizes, etc.  The contractor is also free to propose
      additional creative ad assets. Draft treatment, script, storyboards, and final executions will be developed and submitted to the COR. The
      ad packages shall be approved by the COR and appropriate clearance channels before final copy or production can be initiated.

             (each package includes one campaign concept with multiple executions including TV, radio, print out-of-home, (e.g., bill board, bus
      shelter), digital (e.g. banners, buttons, etc.), and any other creative ad assets) per performance period, with draft treatment, script,
      storyboards, and final executions delivered to the COR will be developed and submitted. The ad packages shall be approved by COR and
      appropriate clearance channels before final copy or production can be initiated.

E.2   Collateral and Support Materials: In addition to materials created for use in the buy, the contractor shall recommend, develop, and submit
      a suite of collateral and support products per performance period that will be used throughout the paid and earned portion of the campaign.
      Note: CDC staff may be producing many of these pieces. So, contract staff will need to coordinate closely with key staff for the division
      of responsibilities.  Contractor is encouraged to recommend types of materials, Web Sites, matte articles, etc. to include as support
      materials and platforms for message dissemination. Upon contract award, contractor shall be given a list of content and materials that are
      being used to support the current campaign.

E.3   Campaign Cast and Casting Plan: While final casting decisions will be decided after contract award, contractor shall provide
      recommendations for how they envision the casting process as well as the management of talent, cast and crew.

            E.3.1      Personal Testimonials: It is anticipated that this campaign will feature a number of “real stories from real people.”  If
           personal testimonials are the preferred method for delivering campaign messages, contractor shall cast individuals that do not self-
           identify as actors.  Rather, “real people”/non-professional testimonials will be sought for casting whenever possible. Affidavits
           will be obtained on all cast prior to producing products.

      E.3.2 National Health Organization: The contractor shall hire the services of a national health organization to lead the recruitment
           effort, provide on-site support during production of materials, shoots, etc.  For example, if OSH plans on conducting a campaign
           focusing on the connection between smoking and heart attacks, the contractor may hire the American Heart Association or the American
           Medical Association to assist with the recruitment of individuals and to help facilitate verification of medical conditions. Members
           of this organization will be on-hand to properly handle medical equipment, help with description of medical conditions portrayals,
           and consult with contract and CDC staff as appropriate.

            E.3.3      Medical Consultant: If personal testimonials are the preferred method for message delivery, the contractor shall hire a
           highly reputable medical doctor (M.D., with appropriate licensure and specialties) to verify the medical conditions of individuals
           casted and consult on describing the conditions, limitations, complications, etc. and be available during the shoots for consulting
           as appropriate.

            E.3.4      Background Checks: the contractor shall hire a professional background check company who will conduct multi-level
           background checks on all proposed cast members. Types of checks to be conducted should include: internet/social media sites;
           identification check with validation of social security number; and criminal background check.  To the extent that the law allows,
           contractor shall ensure background checks are conducted prior to hiring cast members.

E.4   Talent and Talent Management
      E.4.1      Buyout/Releases: The contractor shall provide written releases for all talent and directors used in the production of
           materials.  When at all possible, all releases for talent, images, graphics, music, and other elements shall be obtained on a 70%
           -100%-buyout basis (with no limits on time or formats), and the contractor should shall appropriately select elements to achieve the
           buyout at low cost.  All materials will be produced in the media formats, lengths, and technical specifications according to
           broadcast-quality standards.

E.5   MCRC submission and coordination: Ads will be made available to other states and communities via OSH’s Media Campaign Resource Center
      (MCRC).  The contractor shall secure the appropriate talent releases, licensing agreements for any talent that appears in the produced
      materials (TV, radio, print, Web, etc.) and, if a signatory, must adhere to any union laws in place, including those related to the Screen
      Actors Guild (SAG), etc.  The contractor shall work closely with MCRC staff to ensure all original source files, talent information, and
      campaign/ad descriptions are submitted at least 20 days prior to campaign launch. This includes making all files submission-ready and
      transferring directly to the MCRC.  This also includes all appropriate formative research summaries and all other MCRC submission
      requirements.  Note: in order for materials to be uploaded to CDC’s server and the MCRC web application, they must meet Section 508
      compliance and be appropriately captioned.

E.6   Media Asset Inventory: The contractor shall keep an inventory throughout the duration of the project and forward to OSH all media assets
      of each package upon completion. The inventory will be used to help construct briefing materials, media buy strategy, etc. The media asset
      inventory will be updated at least monthly and upon request.

E.7   Logos/Tagging: The new and existing advertisements and all video and print non-ad materials will be tagged with appropriate HHS and CDC
      logos, phone numbers, and/or Web site urls. An additional generic/taggable version of each product will be developed. Contractor must
      adhere to the CDC style guide.

E.8   Clearance and Government Regulations/Formats
      All draft and prototype materials (e.g., storyboards, mock-ups, etc.) shall be submitted for review and approval by CDC/HHS before they are
      finalized for printing, duplication, or distribution. No printing duplication or distribution is authorized without prior written approval
      of the COR.

      The contractor shall follow all required HHS and CDC clearance procedures as well as the requirements and guidelines for printing. The
      contractor shall use Adobe Creative Suite 4 to produce all campaign materials and products. Print materials will be created in accordance
      with Government Printing Office (GPO) rules and regulations (http://www.gpoaccess.gov/stylemanual/index.html;
      http://www.gpo.gov/pdfs/customers/sfas/jcpregs.pdf). All materials prepared for television, print, or radio must be in a format that is
      appropriate for Internet use, including being Section 508 compliant.


      HHS policy requires that health-related media products receive approval from the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs
      (ASPA) before release to the public.  The contractor shall submit the necessary clearance packages, which shall include required forms and
      supporting materials (e.g., draft text or storyboards).  Required forms must be completed in accordance with the HHS Public Affairs
      Management Manual—www.hhs.gov/hhsmanuals/public_affairs.pdf.
      Note: Below the description of work section, we have included a section about CDC regulations in more detail, such as OMB, internet
      security, etc.

E.9   Final versions of campaign materials: Once print-ready drafts are developed and tested, contract staff will seek CDC approval and go
      through all necessary clearance, reviews, and briefings related to the final pieces before publishing or launching campaign materials. Once
      approved, final versions will be delivered to contract COR and to appropriate media outlets for placement.


ACTIVITY F:  Monitoring, Reporting, and Evaluating Campaign Activities
Note: In addition to its own work in this area, and as directed by the Contracting Officer’s Representatives (COR), the contractor shall also
work cooperatively with OSH’s independent evaluation contractor to document and evaluate the intensity and efficiency of the campaign.

F.1   Campaign Monitoring and Tracking: The contractor shall monitor and track placement of all of the advertisements associated with the
      campaign (both the paid and earned media portions) for each performance period. The contractor shall be responsible for developing and
      submitting campaign monitoring reports for all appropriate campaign materials to be provided and submitted monthly once they are released
      and through the end of the campaign. The report shall include a list of all media contacts, by location, including all contact information,
      description of materials placed, number distributed, and dates on which they were distributed, as well as estimated number of media
      impressions beginning after product distribution and continuing until the end of the campaign. The contractor shall also use these tracking
      and monitoring reports to recommend any mid-course corrections or strategy shifts.

F.2   Campaign and Activity Reports: Timely receipt of contract-related reports is an important piece of a successful campaign. Throughout the
      various activities and sub-activities described in this document, reports have been described and requested. The contractor shall submit
      various drafts and final reports throughout the duration of the project. Here are some additional reports that the contractor shall
      produce:


      F.2.1 Status updates/Reports: The prime contractor shall provide weekly status reports in written format and participate in weekly meetings
           and/or teleconferences with CDC staff on campaign tasks and provide notes from those meetings within 24 hours.


      F.2.2 Monthly Progress Reports: The contractor shall provide written monthly progress reports with information about progress toward
           activities, goals and objectives and any obstacles or issues that must be addressed so that work proceeds on schedule. The contractor
           must immediately bring any delays in schedule to the technical monitor’s attention and not rely on routine communication, e.g.,
           weekly and monthly reports.


           On a monthly basis, a narrative report shall be furnished to COR documenting the work accomplished.  This shall include (when
           applicable):
             o A description of all items produced, and the dates on which they were completed
             o A description of how all items were promoted and distributed and how many stations received them
             o Number of media impressions for each item
             o List of all radio, TV, and print media contacts, by media market, including all contact information
             o Listing of any comments or complaints received
             o A description of any new relationships that were made or contact people


           This monthly report shall also describe how much of the budget has been spent that month, how much of it is obligated, and what is
           the remaining balance of funds.

      F.2.3 Quarterly Meeting Reports: The contractor shall prepare a report summarizing the contents of the quarterly meeting and highlighting
           any action items/next steps.


      F.2.4 Performance Period-End Reports: The contractor shall prepare reports at the end of each 16-month period (if option periods are
           exercised) in electronic and hard copy formats, in the form of a 3-ring binder (samples available upon award) with all materials,
           reports, electronic files, etc. documenting the major milestones, hurdles, and lessons learned during the Period of Performance. Five
           copies per performance period.

      F.2.5 Final Project Report/Binder: The contractor shall prepare a final project report that includes a summary of all work conducted for
           the campaign. This report will be captured in a binder as described in F.2.4.

F.3   Process Evaluation Reports: The contractor shall be required to report on process measures to assess the implementation of the campaign
      (per performance period).  Process evaluation should include but is not limited to measures related to broadcast media implementation (TV,
      radio), PSA media implementation (TV, radio), print/out of home advertising, Internet media and campaign website, and earned media/PR
      promotions. Most of the work on evaluation will be in close coordination with the independent campaign evaluators and should not be
      redundant. The contractor shall capture evaluation plans and activities into the campaign logic model [See sub-Activity A.5].

F.4   Recommend and Coordinate Data Collection Methods: The contractor shall work with OSH media and evaluation teams to discuss the most
      appropriate data collection methods (e.g., a customized survey).

F.5   Develop Measurable Objectives: The contractor shall create campaign objectives that are feasible and measurable.

F.6   Campaign Measures: Note—Targets and specific campaign measure language and descriptions will be specifically identified during kick-off
      meeting and according to campaign plan/schedule.  If the targets for these measures are not achieved, the contractor shall confer with OSH
      immediately following the end of the respective reporting period(s) to determine what remedial actions can be taken to improve progress.
      Within 5 working days after this consultation, the contractor shall revise its paid advertising, earned media, and/or social media plans as
      appropriate and submit them for review and approval by CDC.

      In their proposal, the contractor shall propose sample campaign measures for: leveraged media buys, GRPs, earned media, new partnerships,
      social media, and persuasiveness/awareness measure for the campaign. They should shall include the measure name, a description of the
      measure and the frequency for reporting to CDC.  Upon award, CDC staff and contractor will determine final language for measures and
      targets.


ACTIVITY G:  Develop and Implement Interactive/Digital Media Strategies, Materials, Tools, and Resources
As described in Activity B.4, the contractor shall develop a comprehensive written plan for relevant online efforts to support the campaign. The
contractor shall provide data/research supporting the overall strategy and provide data/research supporting the use of each recommended
channel/tool.

More specifically, the contractor shall develop and produce strategies, materials, tools, resources, and other efforts that utilize social media
and other interactive (“Web 2.0”) strategies to engage users in the campaign. They shall collaborate with CDC staff and state and local
communities/stakeholders to develop campaigns that support the campaign objectives using vehicles such as Facebook, Twitter, e-cards, buttons,
badges, and other strategies recommended by the contractor. The contractor shall measure the reach and impact of the social media campaigns
against key performance indicators.

G.1   Community Building: The contractor shall provide support by creating an activities plan per performance period for building and sustaining
      the CDC Tobacco Free community on Facebook and Twitter, as well as the CDC YouTube Channel Smoking and Tobacco Playlist. The activities
      will include paid targeted ads to grow the reach of these existing social networks.  Contractor will have expertise in the following social
      media execution videos, contests, live chats, Q&As, webcasts, as well as other engagement strategies to build brand community and
      influence.  The contractor shall employ appropriate staff who have specialized experience in developing social media content and building
      capacity to engage news media and on-line news seekers accessing timely information via social networks.

G.2   Web site support for Web 2.0 Strategies: The contractor shall create content and graphics to support the deployment of campaign specific
      web pages, including content for mobile and RSS/Syndication.  All content shall be Section 508 compliant (described in detail below the
      description of work section) and shall be designed to optimize the user’s experience across social medial and web platforms, including the
      growing number of mobile/device users. This content includes but is not limited to: pdfs, templates, buttons, banners, html, xml, css
      content. Familiarity with CDC templates and CDC development environment, especially Dreamweaver is desirable.

G.3   Technical and Creative Support for creating and transitioning Facebook Applications: The contractor shall be familiar with current trends
      on Facebook, including but not limited to Timeline, Open Graph, security requirements, search engine optimization and other best practices
      in order to provide CDC with expert guidance for sustaining and growing the CDC Tobacco Free brand. The contractor shall also ensure that
      digital products such as Facebook applications are tested across all existing browsers.



G.4   Web 2.0 Recommendations: The contractor shall develop written recommendations regarding what Web 2.0 tools, applications, and channels
      should be used to support the campaign.  These efforts may include webinars, social networks, user-generated content and sharing sites,
      mobile content and applications, podcasts, video casts, online radio, e-games, e-cards, electronic calendars/reminders, blogs,
      widgets/gadgets, online visualization tools, online partnerships, and other tactics.


      G.4.1 Rationale, timelines, and promotion plan: The contractor shall provide rationale supporting the use of recommended strategies and
           tools, provide timelines for development and implementation, and establish priority ranking for recommended strategies. Where needed,
           a promotion plan will be created to support any given strategy.


G.5   Programming and Application Development: The contractor shall provide necessary programming support, application developers, Flash
      designers, and production/coding services to support the campaign’s interactive/digital media efforts. The developers shall be responsible
      for securing necessary clearances and ensuring Section 508 compliances for deploying new applications.


G.6   Web 2.0-specific Graphic, Writing, and Editing Support: The contractor shall provide graphic design, copy-writing, editing, and related
      services needed for Internet campaign applications and materials. Contract staff shall be skilled in writing for web, mobile and social
      media, including the use of plain language.  The contractor shall employ staff working in interactive/digital media portions of the
      campaign with experience in public health and experience in tobacco control and prevention campaigns is desirable.

G.7   Tracking Interactive/Web 2.0 Efforts: The contractor shall propose methods for monitoring these efforts and, with CDC’s approval, initiate
      monitoring and regular reporting on the success of these efforts.  The contractor shall make recommendations for improving these
      tools/resources over time, based on these and other emerging data.  The contractor shall correlate, analyze and report on tracking and
      monitoring activities. Familiarity with Adobe SiteCatalyst is desirable. The contractor shall be expected to propose, as well as implement,
      evaluation metrics.

G.8   New and emerging digital media and strategies: The contractor shall stay abreast of new and emerging digital media and social networking
      strategies and make recommendations to CDC staff based on CDC’s requirements (two sets of recommendations per performance period).

Social media efforts should focus on engaging audiences traditionally viewed as “hard to reach” due to their varying levels of health literacy
and access to health information. Social media production and dissemination will leverage existing and newly produced campaign advertisements
and messages for content and will include purchased, earned, and free electronic communication channels for dissemination.

The contractor shall develop the social media recommendations and plans in accordance with CDC’s Social Media Guidance and
Tools—http://www.cdc.gov/SocialMedia/Tools/guidelines/.


ACTIVITY H: Earned Media, Campaign Promotion, and Media Relations
In addition to the paid media buy, the contractor shall work with CDC staff to coordinate opportunities to promote and disseminate campaign
messages.  The contractor shall also work to secure donated/earned/long lead media and pitch stories each month throughout the campaign and
occasionally beyond the campaign—for a total of 8 major pitches per performance period.  Finally, the contractor will capitalize on any partner
relationships that they have and will work to foster new relationships with traditional and non-traditional partners as well as with members of
the media.

The contractor shall provide CDC with tools and resources to maximize media opportunities to extend the reach of the paid media campaign.
Examples could include template press releases, sample pitch letters, sample media alert documents, etc. These materials will be used by OSH’s
funded partners to help engage their local media with the campaign. Below are specific sub-activities related to the promotion and dissemination
of campaign messaging beyond the paid buy.

H.1   Campaign Briefing/Talking Points/Press Packets: The contractor shall be responsible for working with CDC to coordinate, develop and
      assemble talking points, fact sheets, or press packets for use by CDC spokespeople when they are speaking to the media by telephone, at
      events, or at press conferences (budget for 12 complete packets per performance period).


H.2   Promotion, dissemination and distribution: Contractor shall develop and submit a comprehensive distribution plan (See activity B) for the
      campaign and ancillary materials to include all target audiences. Contractor shall make recommendations as to the type and quantities of
      materials which will be required, and a detailed timeline specific to the development of the materials, including pre-production and
      production of materials.


H.3   Utilizing Partnerships for Promotion:  The contractor shall develop and submit a partnership plan (see Activity B2.4) which describes
      their process for establishing strategic partnerships with national health agencies, community organizations, and others who will support
      the dissemination of campaign messages.  The contractor shall implement recommendations from the partnership plan (Activity B) to promote
      campaign by development, maintenance, and information dissemination to national, state, regional, and local partners. The contractor shall
      network with relevant national, state, regional or local campaign partner organizations to promote the national campaign materials, and
      shall arrange for placement of information, such as articles, radio PSAs, print ads and other campaign materials with these agencies and
      organizations.  Partners can help reinforce and extend the reach of the campaign and are therefore a very import part of this effort.

      Contractor shall develop collaborations with a minimum of ten (10) existing national partners and five (5) additional/new partners (per
      performance period).  Targeted national, state, regional, and local partners shall be included in the communication plan.  The contractor
      shall track partnership development through Memorandums Of Understandings (MOUs).

      Targeted organizations may include but are not limited to the following:
    • OSH existing partners (internal and external)
    • Private-sector corporations
    • National and local media
    • State departments of health and education
    • Community-based organizations and their national affiliates
    • Faith-based organizations
    • Health care organizations


      The plan (Activity B) shall include a list of proposed partners, their contact information, their role, a timeline and on-going or follow-
      up activities that each partner agrees to do.  The contractor shall track and document the number of new partnerships established during
      the contract.


H.4   Media outreach and earned media support: The contractor shall provide a detailed general audience media outreach plan (Activity B) that
      includes at a minimum: timelines, media distribution, and individual contractor responsibilities, to ensure a successful launch and
      continued pitching of the campaign post-launch. While OSH will handle many of these items in-house, the contractor shall provide technical
      assistance, logistical support, and recommendations, etc. for media outreach and earned media activities. Additionally, the contractor
      shall develop and submit an outreach plan for the specific audience segments (Activity B) that will be targeted as part of the campaign per
      performance period.


      H.4.1 Launch Event and Post-Launch Media outreach activities: The contractor shall develop and implement a variety of media outreach
           activities that will include, but are not limited to:
    • producing video news releases,
    • organizing editorial board tours;
    • media spokesperson trainings prior to the event for the launch and other press conference speakers;
    • handling all the logistical arrangements associated with the press conference (including producing the press kit, developing and
      disseminating invitations, managing RSVPs, arranging for on-site VIPs, securing all necessary AV equipment, producing signage, staffing
      media registration table, etc.);
    • developing b-roll and other media-related materials;
    • writing speeches, coordinating photo and graphic elements, conducting a satellite media tour, press briefings, etc.


           The contractor shall identify and recommend long-lead media strategies that will support the messages in the campaign. Following the
           event, the contractor shall provide an analysis of the media coverage obtained. Anticipate the coordination of one major press
           conference/launch event per performance period.

H.5   Minority Media Outreach/Specific Audience Segment Outreach: In addition to standard media channels, the contractor should shall have the
      capabilities to support access to minority media outlets (digital and traditional) and involve minority organizations in all marketing
      plans. A special effort should be made to reach audiences through digital media channels and strategies (e.g., bloggers).


H.6.  Public relations/Media Relations support: The contractor shall provide support and coordinate closely with CDC staff for all public
      relations/media relations activities associated with the launch and promotion of the campaign.

      H.6.1 Responses to public inquiries/complaints: The contractor shall collaborate closely with CDC staff in establishing a protocol for
           receiving and responding to inquiries and complaints from members of the media and the public.  Contractor shall utilize their
           experiences to provide recommendations for risk communication and associated messages/talking points. CDC staff will have a bank of
           responses gathered from the current campaign and will share upon contract award.

H.7   Post Launch Promotional Tours:  As mentioned in sub-activity B.5, the contractor shall work to implement a plan that promotes the
      campaign. The contractor shall provide coordination, promotion, and production of a minimum of two (2) radio, satellite or social media
      tours per performance period. If radio tours or satellite media tours are selected as part of the promotion strategy, interviews shall be
      done with a minimum of 20 stations (14 English and 6 Spanish) with representation from the East and West Coast during each of the satellite
      tours. If social or digital media promotions are considered, contractor shall closely coordinate with CDC to determine live chat or other
      appropriate interactive formats to promote the campaign.

      CDC will provide the spokespeople.  Each satellite tour shall target national, regional, and local media.  Each tour shall include a
      minimum of 20 stations or if digital, should utilize appropriate social media platform. The contractor shall provide a proposal of key
      messages to be used during the promotional tours and a schedule of the tour dates and times two weeks prior to the tour.

H.8   Donated/Earned Media: The contractor shall promote and secure donated placement of campaign products (print PSAs/ads/materials, radio PSA,
      matte articles, etc.) in media outlets serving our targeted audiences.  The contractor shall include a promotion and distribution plan
      (Activity B) for the campaign materials in the communication plan, emphasizing a strategy for securing donated media placement.



ACTIVITY I: Graphic Design, Photos, Layout, and Support:
The contractor shall provide graphic design services needed for counter-marketing-related communications, e.g., packaging for public service
announcements and the development/acquisition of graphics, illustrations, drawings, photographs, slides, and other similar visual materials.

I.1   Specifications/Requirements: Any photographs or other artwork, animations, etc. used in this campaign by the contractor must be royalty
      free/copyright free, digital at a resolution of 300 dpi, even at a width of 20 inches when possible (poster quality). All photos must be
      color photos, unless specified by CDC.  The contractor shall arrange for a buyout of the photo, artwork or animated images. Photos must be
      able to be used on social media sites (i.e., Facebook) and on CDC and OSH Web sites.

I.2   Photo Shoots: The contractor shall plan to shoot royalty-free/copyright-free digital photos at the broadcast (television, radio, vignette)
      tapings for use in the campaign products.  Also, if appropriate photos cannot be found for campaign products, the contractor shall plan and
      conduct a day photo shoot of approximately 15 talent (of various ages and backgrounds) to secure appropriate campaign images and stock
      photography. The contractor shall secure full rights so that the photos can be used for an unlimited amount of time and are royalty free.
      The contractor shall be responsible for obtaining signed talent release and consent forms.

I.3   Original Artwork: Should the contractor develop original artwork or animations during the duration of the project, all such items will
      become the property of the CDC and full and unlimited rights transferred.

I.4   Desktop Publishing: All desktop publishing must be done using Adobe InDesign software. All graphic design must be done using Adobe
      Creative Suite software. Fonts can be Postscript and/or Open Type.

I.5   Software: Electronic prepress files furnished for printing shall be created using Mac OS X or later or Microsoft Windows XP Professional
      or later using recordable CD or DVD media, using the following software: page layout– Adobe InDesign; drawing/illustration–Adobe
      Illustrator; image manipulation–Adobe Photoshop. The contractor shall use software in correct native format, latest version, and without
      third party extensions/plugins.

I.6   Production Fonts, Colors, and Files: Also, media shall include all images and fonts used. Fonts shall be Post Script or Open Type ONLY.
      Images shall be CMYK, grayscale, duotone, etc. (NOT RGB). In addition to CD/DVD, the contractor shall furnish a press-quality PDF as well
      as a laser print (in color as required) hard copy of final file. Files for OSH print materials shall be press-ready, such as passed through
      a program such as “Flight Check.”  Note: the contractor must either use fonts CDC owns or purchase them without limitations of use for CDC.
      The contractor shall provide 508-compliant PDFs of final graphic products. See section just below description of work for more details.

I.7   Image Catalog/Listing: The contractor shall provide a comprehensive table listing sources of images, location of images (i.e., if included
      in a brochure), and description of usage rights.

Emphasis for graphic support and production shall be on economy and quality, with attention to the current restrictions on government printing
and audiovisual production.


ACTIVITY J: Writing and Editing Support
J.1   Writing/Editing services: The contractor shall provide writing, editing, and related services needed for initiative-related content,
      including the preparation and production of culturally and linguistically appropriate low-literacy or plain language materials from
      scientific or technical information.  The work shall entail conceptualizing, developing, clearing, and producing various written documents,
      such as briefing materials, programmatic reports, talking points, Qs and As, fact sheets, Web pages, public inquiry responses, and other
      written materials. The contractor shall advise on the most effective approach for communicating specific messages and shall assist in
      determining the most appropriate method of presentation.

J.2   On-Site Campaign writer/editor: The contractor shall provide CDC staff with a full-time, on-site campaign writer/editor on-site.  This
      individual will be responsible for ensuring that every document/communication product has been checked, edited, and reviewed prior to
      sending to CDC staff.  This individual will have depth and breadth of writing and editing skills and will be familiar with writing for
      public health and specifically tobacco use and control.

      The contractor shall coordinate efforts with the writer/editor to ensure that the writing is clear, concise, grammatically correct, well
      organized, free of jargon, and otherwise consistent with the principles of good composition. The writer/editor shall analyze written
      materials in terms of conformity to required style, organization, and manner of presentation and shall reorganize and revise text as
      necessary. This individual shall review materials for accuracy of health communication and scientific terminology; completeness and
      effectiveness in the presentation of textual, tabular, and graphic materials; completeness of reference citations, if included; and other
      editorial requirements. Emphasis shall be on economy and quality, with attention to the current restrictions on government printing.

J.3   Abstract and manuscript development: The contractor shall collaborate with CDC staff to develop and submit abstracts related to formative
      and process research. The contractor shall help select an appropriate journal for which to submit a manuscript in collaboration with CDC
      staff.


ACTIVITY K: Translation and Adaptation Services and Support
The contractor shall adapt and translate a certain amount of text from English into Spanish or other languages as it relates to campaign
communication products.  The contractor or vendors they employ shall have staff who have expertise in developing materials for minority
audiences and in other languages and shall have staff assigned to the project who speak the language(s) used in communication products.

K.1   Coordination with CDC and MLS Team: Contractor shall coordinate any translations closely with CDC staff and members of CDC’s multilingual
      services (MLS) team. The contractor shall involve MLS early in the process and send translation requests as early as possible.

K.2   Translation Memory Component: The contractor shall use a translation memory (TM) component and deliver the TM in Translation Memory
      Exchange Format (TMX) or TXT.  When possible, CDC staff should receive the bilingual documents in XLIFF format (English to Spanish
      (Spain)). Contractor shall maintain the TM which shall include a glossary of key Spanish words and phrases, and preferred words learned
      from qualitative research with Spanish speakers, to ensure usage of the most salient terms, from the audience’s perspective, and
      consistency across translators (note: CDC’s MLS team also has a TM and glossary of terms which can be available upon contract award to be
      used as a sample or to build on as appropriate).

K.3   Translation Specifications: Translation shall be done by a qualified translator with experience in developing Spanish materials for the
      intended audience. Translation shall be certified by a separate translator for linguistic accuracy, faithfulness to the English language,
      and cultural appropriateness. On occasions, it may be necessary to use a validator.

      It will be critical that the contractor be able to turn around translations very quickly during campaign peak materials production months.
      During these months, turnaround time for product shall be no more than 36 hours.  In rare circumstances, translation services may be
      required over a weekend.  The contractor shall also provide CDC with English versions of all Spanish-language PSA scripts.

      Note that although we anticipate at this time only translation into Spanish will be needed, if determined by campaign strategy and the
      leadership team, translation and adaptation services and creation of a TM might be needed for selected Asian languages, such as Mandarin,
      Vietnamese, and Korean, and/or possible Native/tribal languages.


ACTIVITY L: Technical Assistance, Training, and Presentations
The contractor shall provide, as directed by CDC staff, briefings, technical assistance (TA), and training to CDC and partner organizations.
Specifically, these stakeholders are organizations CDC provides TA to on the development and implementation of tobacco counter-marketing
campaigns through the National Tobacco Control Program (NTCP). This includes states, territories, National Networks, Tribal Support Centers, and
communities.

Briefings, training and TA activities could include participation in conference presentations, teleconferences, webinars, and/or one-on-one
interactions (including the preparation of handouts and PowerPoints, briefing materials as appropriate).

L.1   Training and technical assistance support: The contractor shall utilize their capacity as content experts to provide a variety of training
      and TA support to CDC and our partners.  CDC envisions contractor providing this support in the form of webinars, spokesperson training,
      workshops (e.g. on formative research, digital media buys, etc.), offering continuing education to health care providers and public health
      professionals, as appropriate, and as linked to the overall campaign strategy. The contractor should budget for six (6) such opportunities
      per year during the duration of the contract. Many of these trainings and workshops may be conducted over webinar or in conjunction with
      national meeting or conference participation, although contractor should budget for limited travel associated with these opportunities.

L.2   Briefings: The contractor shall be expected to participate in a variety of briefings during the development of the campaign and after
      launch to promote campaign messages and findings.

      L.2.1 Leadership briefings: The contractor shall be expected to provide briefings (and all appropriate PowerPoint slides, handouts,
           storyboards, etc.) to appropriate OSH, CDC, HHS, and other applicable leadership throughout the development, clearance, and post-
           launch of the campaign.  The purpose of the briefings could be to present information, rationale, gain buy-in, and gather
           recommendations for revisions. We anticipate at least 10 such briefings per performance period. Many of these briefings will occur by
           phone or webinar platforms, and will be approximately 30 minutes to one hour in duration. Limited travel is required as appropriate.


      L.2.2 Stakeholder/partner briefings: The contractor shall be expected to provide a series briefings (and all associated materials, slides,
           talking points) to CDC partners and stakeholders in advance of the campaign launch (see sub-activity C.4). The topics may range from
           general information about the campaign, to specifics about particular media buys. We anticipate at least 5 such briefings per
           performance period.  All of these briefings will occur by phone/webinar platform and will last between 30 minutes to an hour in
           duration.

L.3   Presentations at conferences and/or meetings: In coordination with OSH, the contractor shall submit at least two abstracts about the
      campaign to an appropriate public health and/or marketing conference and at least one additional national meeting per performance period.
      If selected to provide an oral presentation at these conferences, the contractor may be asked to send at least one staff member to attend
      these national meetings (and shall collaborate with CDC staff to prepare PowerPoint slides and talking points).  The contractor may be
      asked to attend national meetings to promote the campaign.  The contractor shall be responsible for presentation materials and other
      materials to distribute at the conferences/meetings to promote the campaign, utilizing appropriate templates (samples to be provided upon
      award).


ACTIVITY M: Contract Management
In order to facilitate smooth management of the campaign and associated activities, effective management of the contract is essential. The
contractor shall ensure that all activities and sub-activities described herein are prioritized and delivered on schedule and produced with high
quality standards.

M.1   Kick-Off/Orientation Meeting: In advance of drafting its work plan and overall communication and marketing plan for the campaign, the
      contractor shall participate in a kick-off meeting with OSH to review the strategy, goals, objectives, and associated tasks related to this
      project.  This meeting will serve as the time for all parties to establish working relationships and to discuss expectations, OSH’s
      requirements, and initial steps to develop the most effective counter-marketing strategies. The contractor shall plan for 2 full working
      days in Atlanta for this kick-off meeting.

M.2   Quarterly Meetings: If the contractor and staff are located outside the Atlanta metro area (minus the on-site campaign coordinator and
      writer/editor located with CDC staff), the contractor shall budget for five face-to-face meetings for their key staff to travel to Atlanta
      to meet with OSH staff (one per quarter, with the kick-off meeting serving as the first quarterly meeting in the based period) per
      performance period of 16 months. The contractor shall coordinate closely with CDC staff to secure meeting location and space to accommodate
      all appropriate staff.  During these meetings, the contractor and CDC staff will discuss lessons learned and next steps as well as
      assignments/action items which will be captured in a report (see sub-Activity F.2.3). The contractor should plan on 1.5 working days for
      each quarterly meeting and should propose cost effective and creative meeting strategies for contract staff that cannot travel but should
      participate.

M.3   On-site Campaign Coordinator: The prime contractor shall furnish a full-time, key member of their team to serve as an on-site campaign
      manager/coordinator. This individual would be based in the CDC offices in Atlanta and would serve as the liaison between contract staff,
      vendors, and members of the CDC campaign team.  This individual will have specialized experience in managing campaigns of similar scale and
      a public health background with knowledge about tobacco use and control.  The campaign coordinator shall provide support to CDC staff for
      the duration of the project. This individual must be familiar with budget, timeline, campaign goals, and objectives, and oversee/coordinate
      all vendors and sub-contractors involved in the various activities and sub-activities.

M.4   Travel: The contractor shall attend various meetings between staff and associated contractors, partners, and other parties.  Additionally,
      there might be the need to travel for formative research, materials production, launch event, campaign promotion, and briefings/trainings.
      Therefore, some travel will be necessary to complete the work and purposes of this contract

      Estimated number of trips:
         o Base Period: Five planning meetings (one kick-off meeting plus four  remaining quarterly meetings)
         o Option Period 1 (if exercised): Five quarterly meetings
         o Option Period 2 (if exercised): Five quarterly meetings
         o Formative Research
         o Material development, shoots
         o Pre-Launch briefings
         o Launch Event and post-launch promotion

Contractor shall not exceed a $134,841.60 travel amount for the base period, $160,000 for Option Year 1 and $160,000 in Option Year 2..


M.5   Seamless Transition/Data Rights and Transfer
      M.5.1 Rights/Ownership: All work conducted under this contract is considered and becomes property of HHS/CDC/OSH, including pre- and post-
           production materials (e.g., rough cuts of audio and video tape or film/discs; field camera footage; master copies of audio, video, or
           print materials; storyboards; and mechanical or print prototypes).  As part of excellent contract management, contractor shall ensure
           all final reports are completed and all deliverables accomplished. Contractor shall also facilitate a smooth transfer and transition
           process. As described earlier, CDC must have full access to fonts used in all materials, and full and unlimited use of photos,
           images, and animations.

      M.5.2 Transfer: All appropriate final versions and applicable evidence base should be submitted to the MCRC (see sub-activity E.5). Other
           data, drafts, and materials, digital media, etc. and all associated rights shall be transferred to the CDC upon request but no later
           than 30 days before contract end date.

      M.5.3 Transition: At the end of the contract period, contractor shall collaborate with CDC staff to ensure a seamless transition. If a new
           contractor has been funded for similar work, contractor shall work collaboratively to ensure that new contractor has all appropriate
           items for their work.


CDC POLICIES AND REGULATIONS: The contractor shall collaborate with CDC staff to ensure compliance with CDC regulations, including but not
limited to: OMB, Section 508 Compliance and any policies with regard to technology, software, clearances, etc.

            OMB Approval Under the Paperwork Reduction Act:   The contractor shall collaborate with OSH to obtain Office of Management and Budget
      (OMB) approval for information collection activities, as needed.  OMB approval for specific activities will be sought through CDC’s
      existing generic clearances whenever practicable.  These clearances include but are not limited to OMB No. 0920-0910, Message Testing for
      Tobacco Communication Activities (MTTCA) and OMB No. 0920-0572, CDC and ATSDR Health Message Testing System (HMTS). The contractor is
      responsible for consulting with OSH to identify information collections that require OMB approval and for preparing the supporting
      statement and information collection instruments needed to obtain approval.

      • OSH anticipates that the majority of health message testing activities can be conducted under OMB No. 0920-0910, Message Testing for
        Tobacco Communication Activities (MTTCA).  MTTCA provides a unified clearance framework for a variety of tobacco-related communication
        activities, which may occur on an as-needed basis, or in the context of a planned series utilizing a variety of methodologies.
      • Other information collection needs, and the appropriate mechanism for obtaining OMB approval, will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.


      File Viewing Compatibility/Technology and Software Guidance: The government has limits on the types of software and versions it can support
      on the network.  Whenever contract staff uploads materials for review, contractor shall ensure file types are compatible with government
      platforms prior to sending. This will require some creativity and flexibility. Contractor shall plan for minimum level of technology and
      versions/codes/codecs when considering what will be able to be viewed by CDC staff.  The contractor shall provide a password-protected FTP
      or similar site that will allow for efficient review of drafts, advertisements, graphics, etc.

      Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act (29 USC 754[d]):
      Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d) requires federal agencies to purchase electronic and information
      technologies (EIT) that meet specific accessibility standards. This law helps to ensure that federal employees with disabilities have
      access to and use of the information and data they need to do their jobs. Furthermore, this law ensures that members of the public with
      disabilities have the ability to access government information and services.
      There are three regulations addressing the requirements detailed in Section 508. The Section 508 technical and functional standards are
      codified at 36 CFR Part 1194 and may be accessed through the Access Board’s Web site at http://www.access-board.gov. The second regulation
      issued to implement Section 508 is the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). FAR Part 39.2 requires that agency acquisitions of EIT comply
      with the Access Board’s standards. The entire FAR is found at Chapter 1 of the Code of Federal Register (CFR) Title 48, located at
      http://www.acquisition.gov. The FAR rule implementing Section 508 can be found at http://www.section508.gov. The third applicable
      regulation is the HHS Acquisition Regulation (HHSAR).
      Regardless of format, all Web content or communications materials produced for publication on or delivery via HHS Web sites—including text,
      audio, or video—must conform to applicable Section 508 standards to allow federal employees and members of the public with disabilities to
      access information that is comparable to information provided to persons without disabilities. All contractors (including subcontractors)
      or consultants responsible for preparing or posting content intended for use on an HHS-funded or HHS-managed Web site must comply with
      applicable Section 508 accessibility standards and, where applicable, those set forth in the referenced policy or standards documents
      below. Remediation of any materials that do not comply with the applicable provisions of 36 CFR Part 1194 as set forth in the statement of
      work shall be the responsibility of the contractor or consultant retained to produce the Web-suitable content or communications material.
     The following Section 508 provisions apply to the content or communications material identified in this statement of work:
    • 36 CFR 1194.21, 22, .24, and .31
     Checklists for final acceptance for various file formats are available from http://www.hhs.gov/web/508/. CDC reserves the right to reject
     any deliverable or work product failing to meet these requirements.
     References:
     HHS Policy for Section 508 Electronic and Information Technology (E&IT) (January 2005): http://www.hhs.gov/od/Final_Section_508_Policy.html
     HHS Section 508 Web site: http://www.hhs.gov/web/508/
     HHS ASPA Web Communications Division Web site: http://www.hhs.gov/web/policies/index.html
     US General Services Administration (GSA) Section 508 Web site: http://www.section508.gov/index.cfm
     HHS Section 508 Evaluation Product Accessibility Template (PAT):  http://www.hhs.gov/od/vendors/index.html



     Internet Security Policies and Procedures: The contractor's performance and resulting deliverables must adhere to all federal, HHS, and/or
     CDC IT security policies and procedures. Development or implementation of an electronic information system or any electronic data collection
     effort conducted in the performance of this contract will be required to complete certification and accreditation (C&A) prior to operation. 
     The contractor shall be required to complete all security documentation and materials required to obtain an authority to operate (ATO) from
     CDC’s Designative Approving Authority. The contractor shall comply with all applicable HHS, CDC, FISMA, HIPPA, NIST, and other federal
     policies and regulations in the performance of the security requirements.
     If an application will be hosted on a server located within CDC, it must meet required security guidelines. Web application development
     projects should follow the CDC Secure Web Application Coding Guidelines and must adhere to the security controls outlined in the National
     Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication 800-53, Recommended Security Controls for Federal Information Systems and
     Organizations (http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/nistpubs/800-53-Rev3/sp800-53-rev3-final-errata.pdf). The contractor must follow the
     guidance in NIST Special Publications, Guidelines on Securing Public Web Servers, (http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/nistpubs/800-44-
     ver2/SP800-44v2.pdf), and Guide to Secure Web Services, (http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/nistpubs/800-95/SP800-95.pdf).  See the Web
     Application Security Consortium (http://www.webappsec.org) and the Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP - http://www.owasp.org) for
     tips on how to avoid security problems in Web applications.
     During any application development or enhancement, the contractor shall work closely with OSH and the NCCDPHP Office of Informatics and
     Information Resources (OIIRM) to ensure all CDC-related technical and security standards, processes, and procedures are followed. This
     working relationship shall continue from QA to staging to full production.


ITEMS APPROPRIATE FOR PREPARATION OF PROPOSALS: To assist in the preparation of proposals, refer to the following Web sites and articles:


      Web sites:
      • CDC’s Office on Smoking and Health’s Web site http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco
      • The Media Campaign Resource Center’s Web site http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/mcrc
      • The 2010 Surgeon General’s Report Web site http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/data_statistics/sgr/2010/index.htm
      • CDC’s Best Practices for Comprehensive Tobacco Control Program, 2007:
        http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/stateandcommunity/best_practices/index.htm
      • NCI Monograph 19: The Role of Media in Promoting and Reducing Tobacco Use http://cancercontrol.cancer.gov/tcrb/monographs/19/index.html


      Articles:
      • World Health Organization Report on the Global Tobacco Epidemic 2008: The mpower Package. Geneva: World Health Organization; 2008.
        http://www.who.int/tobacco/mpower/en/


      • DiFranza JR, Wellman RJ, Sargent JD, Weitzman M, Hipple BJ, Winickoff JP. Tobacco Promotion and the Initiation of Tobacco Use: Assessing
        the Evidence for Causality. Pediatrics. 2006;117:e1237–e1248.
        http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/cgi/content/abstract/117/6/e1237?rss=1


      • Henriksen L, Feighery EC, Wang Y, Fortmann SP. Association of Retail Tobacco Marketing with Adolescent Smoking. American Journal of
        Public Health. 2004;94(12):2081–2083. http://www.ajph.org/cgi/content/abstract/94/12/2081


      • Girlando M, Loomis B, Watson K, Farrelly M. Retail Advertising and Promotions for Cigarettes in New York. RTI International (prepared
        for the New York State Department of Health); 2007.
        http://www.health.state.ny.us/prevention/tobacco_control/docs/cigarette_ads_and_promotion_report.pdf


      • Lovato C, Linn G, Stead LF, Best A. Impact of Tobacco Advertising and Promotion on Increasing Adolescent Smoking Behaviors. Cochrane
        Database of Systematic Reviews. 2003;(3):CD003439. http://mrw.interscience.wiley.com/cochrane/clsysrev/articles/CD003439/frame.html



ITEMS FROM CDC APPROPRIATE FOR TASK COMPLETION:  To assist in the completion of this project, CDC shall provide the following:

Upon award, contractor will receive:
 • Copies of previously used focus group screeners and moderator’s guides
 • Sample press releases, matte articles, talking points, current statistics
 • Previously produced PSAs and media kit contents
 • Sample campaign ads/ad packages
 • List of graphic design standards
 • List of translation standards
 • Sample formative testing, rough cut testing reports
 • Standardized templates for quantitative and qualitative research guides, reports, plans, slides for briefings, etc.
 • Sample monthly report
 • Sample table of contents for project binders
 • Access to formative research findings
 • Other samples as applicable


Additionally, CDC will provide:
 • Technical consultation with leading CDC health professionals and other experts.  This consultation will be made available immediately upon
   contract award.
 • Copies of HHS and CDC clearance policies, CDC communication and partnership guidelines, and CDC Web guidance.  This information will be made
   available immediately upon contract award.
 • Access to all materials housed in CDC’s Media Campaign Resource Center and the World Lung Foundation’s media clearinghouse.  These materials
   can be viewed at:

          http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/media_communications/countermarketing/mcrc/index.htm


           http://www.worldlungfoundation.org/ht/d/sp/i/5835/pid/5835


PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE:  The contract period of performance shall be 36 months, base period 12 months with two (2) option periods twelve (12)
months each.  The deliverables and quantities for option periods will mirror those of the base year unless otherwise noted in the deliverables
chart below.  One exception is that instead of a yearly report, when project concludes, contractor shall provide an overall project report as
part of the data and property transfer process.  This deliverable will be due to OSH no later than 30 days after contract conclusion.


DELIVERABLES/Timeline for key Activities:
All deliverables shall be provided in the format prescribed and shall be professionally prepared in the format specified. The Government expects
to provide guidance and support during the deliverable development process to expedite content clearance. The Contractor shall review
deliverable drafts through editorial services provided by the Contractor prior to submission for clearance by the Government. The Government
should not need to provide more than basic editorial or content feedback for the final draft materials.

The COR and task leads may determine other specific work products and applicable delivery dates under the contract and the contractor shall
comply with these requirements. CDC staff shall provide additional guidance and information regarding the specific work products as the need
arises.

The following table outlines the specific activities/products that the contractor shall undertake/submit to CDC, respective deadlines, and which
activities correspond to that particular deliverable. Invoice/payment will be based on completion of deliverables.

Criteria for Acceptance: The contractor, as an independent party and not as an agent of the government, shall provide to the COR the following
when completing deliverables: timeliness; accuracy of data; and crosscheck to monthly/quarterly reports, narratives, and invoices. NOTE: All
deliverables are subject to availability of funds.


Deliverables Table
Note: if option periods are exercised, comparable deliverables and due dates are anticipated.


|Deliverable                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|Comprehensive work plan (A.1, A.2, A.3, A.4)                                                                                                                                                              |
|Deliverable                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|Deliverable                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|Deliverable                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|Report of rRecommendations for ad packages  (E)                                                                                                                                                           |
|Deliverable                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|Deliverable                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|Deliverable                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|Deliverable                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|Deliverable                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|Deliverable                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|Deliverable                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|Deliverable                        |Description/Quantity|Due Date/Frequency                    |Period of Performance     |                                                          |
|The contractor shall produce items |Work Quality        |70% -100% of work products are        |Surveillance system will  |Payment of contract fee for satisfactory service          |
|as described in the Description of |                    |technically correct with no correction|be primarily customer     |Contractor performance evaluated using the Contractor     |
|Work (specifically in Activities A |                    |required by the government            |observations              |Performance Assessment Report (CPARS).  The evaluation    |
|– M and all sub-activities).       |                    |                                      |                          |will be considered when future contract selections are    |
|                                   |                    |                                      |                          |made.                                                     |
|                                   |Compliance          |70% -100% of all work products adhere |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |                    |to respective CDC and Federal         |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |                    |government regulatory and statutory   |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |                    |guidelines                            |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |Accuracy            |70% -100% of all work products are    |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |                    |accurate in presentation and adherence|                          |                                                          |
|                                   |                    |to accepted elements of style with no |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |                    |errors                                |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |Format              |70% -100% of work products are in     |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |                    |appropriate correspondence format, or |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |                    |as specified by customer              |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |Customer            |70% -100% of the time the contractor  |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |Satisfaction        |staffing demonstrates reasonable and  |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |                    |cooperative behavior, a commitment to |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |                    |customer satisfaction, and a concern  |                          |                                                          |
|                                   |                    |for the interest of the customer      |                          |                                                          |
BASIS FOR AWARD

This contract will be awarded to the Offeror whose proposal is considered to be the best value to the Government, price and other factors
(identified above) considered. For purposes of this evaluation, technical factors are more important than price in making the award
determination. The Government will not make an award at a higher overall cost to the Government to achieve only slightly superior performance.

1.  Introduction

Since this is a Performance Based Contract, the CDC must effectively validate in a timely manner the performance of the Contractor in meeting the services required.  This QASP provides a systematic surveillance method for the services, and describes the methodology by which the Contractor’s performance will be monitored.

The principal focus of the surveillance system is the Contractor’s performance of the deliverables identified in Section C.4 of the Performance Work Statement.  

The basic contract and each task order will be surveyed with this Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan.  Additional surveillance may be added as needed by the program office.

The plan references the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS). The CPARS system allows the Contracting Officer or the Contracting Officer’s Representative to report Contractor and subcontractor performance on a national, easily accessible database.  It requires the CDC to review the database prior to approving the use of a Contractor to ensure that the contractor or subcontractor has done a good job in the past.  As a result, it is anticipated that the CPARS system should help motivate the contractor, wishing future work in the Federal Sector, on the current contract toward superior performance.  

This QASP:

Identifies the services and products that will be measured.

Establishes the specific standards of performance for each required output.

Establishes the responsibilities for performing the measurement.

Defines the CDC role in overseeing the performance.

Provides for feedback to the contractor regarding quality, quantity, and timeliness of the service outputs.

Establishes timeframes for communicating performance improvements.



2. Methods of Surveillance

Section C.4 of the Performance Work Statement lists the services to be monitored and the standards to be applied.

This QASP is based on the premise the CDC desires to maintain a quality standard for services to conduct assessments, studies, research and demonstration projects, consultation and technical assistance, health education activities and related support services.  

The contractor and not the CDC  responsible for management and quality control actions to meet the terms of the contract.  The role of the CDC is quality assurance to ensure contract standards are achieved.

In this contract the contractor quality control program is the basis for service quality.  The contractor is required to only deliver services that conform to the requirements of the contract as defined in each task order.



3. Roles and Responsibilities

The contractor’s primary responsibility is to ensure all requirements are met at the required quality level. The CDC shall ensure this responsibility has been met before payment is made to the contractor.  The primary CDC team members are the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) and the Contracting Officer (CO).

The CO has the overall responsibility for overseeing the Contractor’s performance.  The CO is responsible for monitoring Contractor performance in the areas of contract compliance, contract management, and the resolution of all issues relative to the language of the contract.

The COR team is responsible for directly monitoring, assessing, recording, and reporting on the technical performance of the Contractor.  The COR will have primary responsibility for signing off on all invoices and documenting the inspection and evaluation of the contractor’s performance.

The COR will work with staff and the Contractor to ensure good communication and resolve any problems not requiring the CO’s authority.



4. Surveillance

The COR will evaluate the performance objectives through periodic inspections during each service month.  All performance must be documented, whether acceptable or unacceptable.  When unacceptable performance is documented, the COR or Technical Monitor shall take the following actions: 

If the government actions caused the unacceptable performance, take steps to prevent it in the future.

If the contractor’s performance is unacceptable, inform the contractor’s Program Director of the unacceptable performance and the reasons why is unacceptable.

If the contractor wants to dispute the results of the surveillance, refer them to the CO for resolution.

Performance should not be determined unacceptable until all possible contributing factors have been considered.

For required tasks not shown on the Performance Based Matrix, the CDC still retains the right to inspect any item included in the contract.  These services will be inspected periodically and the results provided to the CO.









5. Standards

All standards in the Performance Based Matrix must be met.  All deliverable dates and other contractual completion dates must also be met.  If any of the standards are not met, the CDC shall receive consideration from the contractor for breach of contract.

Late performance is un-excusable unless the contractor can justify all the following:

The delay was not the contractor’s fault

The delay was not foreseeable.

It was beyond the contractor’s control to avoid the delay.

All work shall be performed in accordance with the Performance Work Statement.  The COR shall not consider the services complete until all deficiencies have been corrected.

The COR shall determine whether the failure was a minor non-conformance or a substantive non-conformance.





6. Procedures

The CDC will inspect performance requirements to ensure contractor compliance and record results of inspection.  Unacceptable performance and complaints shall be referred to the CO for investigation and validation.  The CO will investigate and validate the unacceptable performance or customer input.  The contractor shall be given a reasonable amount of time after notification to correct the unacceptable performance and report to the CO that the deficiency has been corrected.  If deficiencies are not corrected the COR will notify the CO and recommend a course of action.

The contractor’s overall Program Monthly Progress Report will be used to provide assurance that the contractor is working to maintain quality control and to keep on schedule. 

 

7. Contract Performance Evaluation

FAR 42.15 – Contractor Performance Information establishes the CDC responsibility for recording and maintaining contractor performance information. 

FAR 42.1501 – Past Performance information is relevant information for future source selection purposes, regarding a contractor’s actions under previously awarded contracts and task orders.  It includes, for example, the contractor’s record of conforming to contract requirements and standards of good workmanship; the contractor’s record of forecasting and controlling costs; the contractor’s adherence to contract schedules, including the administrative aspects of performance; the contractor’s history of reasonable and cooperative behavior and commitment to customer satisfaction; and generally, the contractor’s business-like concern for the interest of the customers.

The general procedures to be used are addressed in FAR 42.1503:  Agency procedures for the past performance evaluation system shall generally provide for input to the evaluations from the technical office, contracting office and, where appropriate, end users of the product or service. Agency evaluations of contractor performance prepared under this subpart shall be provided to the contractor as soon as practicable after completion of the evaluation. Contractors shall be given a minimum of 30 days to submit comments, rebutting statements, or additional information. Agencies shall provide for review at a level above the contracting officer to consider disagreements between the parties regarding the evaluation. The ultimate conclusion on the performance evaluation is a decision of the contracting agency. Copies of the evaluation, contractor response, and review comments, if any, shall be retained as part of the evaluation. These evaluations may be used to support future award decisions, and should therefore be marked “Source Selection Information.” 

The CPARS form will be completed at least annually and more frequently if necessary to motivate or reward the contractor.











8. Performance Based Matrix









Deliverable or Service Required

Measure of Success

Indicators

Standards-

Criteria for Acceptance

Method of Surveillance

Incentives



The contractor shall produce items as described in the Description of Work (specifically in Activities A – M and all sub-activities listed in Deliverables Table in the Performance Work Statement).  

Work Quality



100% of work products are technically correct with no correction required by the government



Surveillance system will be primarily customer observations

Incentives

Payment of contract fee for satisfactory service

Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS).  The evaluation will be considered when future contract selections are made.

Award Incentive Fee







Compliance



100% of all work products adhere to respective CDC and Federal government regulatory and statutory guidelines



Surveillance system will be primarily customer observations

Incentives

Payment of contract fee for satisfactory service

Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS).  The evaluation will be considered when future contract selections are made.

Award Incentive Fee



Accuracy



100% of all work products are accurate in presentation and adherence to accepted elements of style with no errors



Surveillance system will be primarily customer observations

Incentives

Payment of contract fee for satisfactory service

Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS).  The evaluation will be considered when future contract selections are made.

Award Incentive Fee



Format



100% of work products are in appropriate correspondence format, or as specified by customer



Surveillance system will be primarily customer observations

Incentives

Payment of contract fee for satisfactory service

Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS).  The evaluation will be considered when future contract selections are made.

Award Incentive Fee



Customer Satisfaction

100% of the time the contractor staffing demonstrates reasonable and cooperative behavior, a commitment to customer satisfaction, and a concern for the interest of the customer

Surveillance system will be primarily customer observations

Incentives

Payment of contract fee for satisfactory service

Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS).  The evaluation will be considered when future contract selections are made.

Award Incentive FeeATTACHMENT 4

AWARD FEE PLAN

FOR

CDC’s National Tobacco Education Campaign

Date: 05/15/2012




APPROVALS:



	____________________________________    ____/____/_____  

	Theresa Routh-Murphy

	Contracting Officer 

	





	____________________________________    ____/____/_____  

	{TBD}

	Fee Determination Official 







	(Signature)_________________________    ____/____/_____  

	Name of Offeror Company Official}

	











TABLE OF CONTENTS

























6




PURPOSE 

This award fee plan sets forth specific criteria and procedures used to evaluate Contractor performance under CDC’s National Tobacco Education Campaign, and to determine the amount of award fee earned during the performance of this contract.  The Government may modify this award fee plan through unilateral modification at any time.



ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Fee Determining Official (FDO)

The Fee Determining Official (FDO) will consider all performance recommendations made by the Award Fee Evaluation Board (AFEB). The FDO will, after considering available pertinent information and recommendations, determine the award fee earned by the Contractor in accordance with the provisions of this plan. The FDO will also appoint Government personnel to serve on the AFEB. 

The Fee Determining Official will be announced after award.

Award Fee Evaluation Board (AFEB)

The AFEB consists of Government AFEB Members led by an AFEB Chair. The AFEB will evaluate the Contractor’s performance as it relates to the Award Fee Evaluation Factors listed in Section 6 of this plan. At the end of each evaluation period, the AFEB will prepare a written report of its evaluation. The report will include recommendations as to the adjectival rating and numerical score to be assigned to the Contractor for its performance during that evaluation period.

Government Performance Monitors

Government Performance Monitors will monitor and evaluate the Contractor’s performance and discuss evaluation results with the Contractor as appropriate. Additionally, the Performance Monitors may use evaluations and assessments from other Government officials in preparing reports for the AFEB. At the discretion of the FDO, Performance Monitors may serve on the AFEB.

Responsibility Diagram




Evaluation Periods 

The evaluation periods established and identified in the award fee plan for this task order are as follows: 



Evaluation Procedures.

A determination of the award fee amount earned will be made by the FDO at the end of each evaluation period. 

The evaluation factors proposed by the Contractor for this task will be used to evaluate the Contractor’s performance. These evaluation factors, identified in Section 6 of the award fee plan, may not necessarily cover the entire scope of this task, but instead may focus on specific areas of importance, as proposed by the Contractor and approved by the Government. Other pertinent factors included under the contract and general factors bearing upon overall performance may be considered as the circumstances of each period may require.

The Contractor will be apprised by the Contracting Officer Technical Representative (COTR) of a general assessment of its performance at the mid-point of each evaluation period, and at such other times as deemed appropriate.

No later than three (3) business days after the conclusion of each evaluation period, the Contractor may submit a self-evaluation report to the AFEB. 

The AFEB will meet after the conclusion of each evaluation period to consider all performance information it has obtained, including the Contractor self-evaluation report (if received within the allotted time in (b) above). The AFEB will summarize its findings and recommendations in the Award Fee Evaluation Report (AFER).

The AFEB Chair will present the AFER findings and recommendations to the Fee Determining Official (FDO). The report will include recommended adjectival rating and performance scores with supporting documentation, if applicable. A copy of the Award Fee Evaluation Report (AFER) will also be provided to the Contractor. 

The Contractor may submit to the Fee Determining Official (FDO) a supplement to the self-evaluation report within three (3) business days of receipt of the Award Fee Evaluation Report (AFER) to provide any additional information to the Fee Determining Official (FDO) and in response to the AFER that the Contractor believes is relevant to its performance and that may affect the Fee Determining Official’s (FDO) determination. 

The Fee Determining Official (FDO) will consider the AFEB recommendation, self-evaluation report, and any other pertinent information in determining the performance scores. The Fee Determining Official’s (FDO) findings will be stated in the written Award Fee Determination.

The Fee Determining Official (FDO) will provide the Award Fee Determination to the Contractor. 



Award Fee Provisions 

Total Available Award Fee

The maximum total award fee that can be earned is (.005%) percent for the annual services of Attachment 1- Contract Line Items CLIN 0001, CLIN 0004 and CLIN 0007 and is the maximum discretionary fee the Government may award to the Contractor based on Contractor’s performance.

(award fee %) x (CLIN 0001, CLIN 0004 and CLIN 0007) = $ total maximum award fee for the contract

performance criteria, Weights and standards

The following performance criteria and standards establish the procedures for evaluating the award fee as described in the Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP). 



An award fee of not to exceed .005% of the annual core services CLINs (fixed price) for exceptional service.  Award fee evaluation criteria correspond directly with the measure of success indicators and acceptable quality levels as written in the Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP).



Performance Criteria and Weights   

The following criteria are to be used to determine the award fee rating for each evaluation period. 



Performance Standards

For each evaluation period and in accordance with the evaluation procedures in Section 4 of this AF Plan, the Government will evaluate the Contractor’s performance and assign a corresponding rating for each of the proposed criteria. The Government will give a score from 0 through 100 to each proposed criteria in accordance with Award Fee Evaluation Ratings table below. 







7.0	Award Fee Earnings Ranges

The percentage of the award fee earned by the Contractor is based on the weighted evaluation factor score for each evaluation period.  Any evaluation factor where the Contractor earns a rating of Poor/Unsatisfactory (score of 60 or below) will result in the Contractor forfeiting the award fee for that evaluation factor.  All unearned award fee amounts for each evaluation period are considered lost and will not be available in future evaluation periods.





















Evaluation of contractor performance shall be conducted at 12-month intervals during the contract period of performance so that the contractor will periodically be informed of the quality of its performance and the areas in which improvement is expected 

The total award fee pool amount will be awarded at the end of each evaluation period. 

Award Fee determination is at the sole discretion of the Government, and is not subject to the Disputes Clause













8.	Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP)











Evaluation Periods 

Evaluation Periods 

Evaluation Periods 

Evaluation Periods 

Evaluation

Time Period

Start Date

Finish Date

Weight

12 Months

TBD

TBD

Not to exceed .005% of CLIN 0001, attachment 1  

12 Months

TBD

TBD

Not to exceed .005% of  CLIN 0004, attachment 1

12 Months

TBD

TBD

Not to exceed .005% of  CLIN 0007, attachment 1



Factor

Evaluation Factors 

Weight

1.

WORK QUALITY:  The management plan and progress reports are submitted in a timely manner and/or by the deadline provided by the government, and are technically correct with no correction required by the government.  Correction of 100% of errors detected on first revision.  More than two iterations of the same document will be considered unacceptable.

25%

2

COMPLIANCE:  All on-site contractor employees adhere to CDC policies and requirements established for contractors.

25%

  3.

ACCURACY: Work products are accurate in presentation and adherence to accepted elements of style with no errors.



25%

4.

CUSTOMER SERVICE: All activities independently performed by the contractor are done in accordance with generally accepted business practice, in a competent and professional manner, without COTR prompting or persuasion, and without any negative feedback from grantees and/or CDC staff.  Reported problems or situations are resolved by the contractor within 8 business hours of notification.  

25%



TOTAL

100%



Award Fee Performance Standards

Award Fee Performance Standards

Award Fee Performance Standards

Adjectival Rating

Numerical Rating

Description

Excellent

100-91

Of exceptional merit; exemplary performance in a timely, efficient, and economical manner; very minor (if any) weaknesses with no adverse effect on overall performance.

Very Good

90-81

Very effective performance, fully responsive to contract requirements; contract requirements accomplished in a timely, efficient, and economical manner for the most part; only minor weaknesses with minor impact on overall performance.

Good

80-71

Effective performance; fully responsive to contract requirements; reportable weaknesses, with limited identifiable effect on overall performance.

Satisfactory

70-61

Meets or slightly exceeds minimum acceptable standards; adequate results; reportable weaknesses/deficiencies with identifiable, but not sustainable, effects on overall performance.

Poor/

Unsatisfactory

61-0

Does not meet minimum acceptable standards in one or more areas; remedial action required in one or more areas; weaknesses/deficiencies in one or more areas that adversely affect overall performance.



Award Fee Earnings 

Award Fee Earnings 

Evaluation

Weighted Score

Earned Award Fee Percentage 

91-100

100%

81-90

85%

71-80

70%

61-70

50%

60 or below

0%



Deliverable or Service Required

Measure of Success

Indicators

Standards-

Criteria for Acceptance

Method of Surveillance

Incentives



The contractor shall produce items as described in the Description of Work (specifically in Activities A – M and all sub-activities listed in Deliverables Table in the Performance Work Statement).  

Work Quality



70% -100% of work products are technically correct with no correction required by the government



Surveillance system will be primarily customer observations

Payment of contract fee for satisfactory service

Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS).  The evaluation will be considered when future contract selections are made.

Award Incentive Fee







Compliance



70% -100% of all work products adhere to respective CDC and Federal government regulatory and statutory guidelines



Surveillance system will be primarily customer observations

Payment of contract fee for satisfactory service

Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS).  The evaluation will be considered when future contract selections are made.

Award Incentive Fee



Accuracy



70% - 100% of all work products are accurate in presentation and adherence to accepted elements of style with no errors



Surveillance system will be primarily customer observations

Payment of contract fee for satisfactory service

Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS).  The evaluation will be considered when future contract selections are made.

Award Incentive Fee



Format



70% - 100% of work products are in appropriate correspondence format, or as specified by customer



Surveillance system will be primarily customer observations

Payment of contract fee for satisfactory service

Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS).  The evaluation will be considered when future contract selections are made.

Award Incentive Fee



Customer Satisfaction

70% - 100% of the time the contractor staffing demonstrates reasonable and cooperative behavior, a commitment to customer satisfaction, and a concern for the interest of the customer

Surveillance system will be primarily customer observations

Payment of contract fee for satisfactory service

Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS).  The evaluation will be considered when future contract selections are made.

Award Incentive Fee