
This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with
additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written
solicitation will not be issued.
This solicitation is issued as a Request For Quote (RFQ), Solicitation number: HQ0423-11-T-0019

Solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-53, effective
July 5, 2011; (Items I,II,III, V and VI effective August 4, 2011)

The NAICS code is 511210, Software publishers and the small business size standard is $25,000,000.00.

This is an Unrestricted acquisition, in regard to business size only. CCH Wolters Kluwer, is the sole manufacturer/licensor that can provide the
TeamMate Maintenance Support.

Justification for Sole Source: TeamMate software is designed to organize audit workpapers and facilitate the mangement and oversight of audit
and investigations, which is mission essential throughout DFAS Internal Review. DFAS purchased the original software licenses in 2000 and has
maintained annual support through fiscal year 2011. This is a follow on contract allowing DFAS to maintain technical support and remain current
with the most recent and robust version of the software. All of Internal Review’s working papers are maintained in TeamMate and cannot be read
by any other software. Failure to renew the license could result in work stoppage if a technical issue arises that necessitates support from the
vendor. Software upgrades that may be needed due to system reuirements will also be unavailable until the license is renewed. DFAS has $135,000
invested in the original purchase of the software licenses. Introductory training was conducted in-house or by another DoD agency for over 70
Internal Review staff members. This acquisition is for annual maintenance and support for 101-150 licenses, which will cost $44,500; as opposed
to purchasing alternate software for the entire 101-150 licenses.  Consequently, the renewal of the TeamMate software maintenance represents the
most cost effective approach for DFAS, ensuring continuity of operations without interruption.  Any replacement product would incur similar
renewal charges next year as the maintenance and software license subscription prices are usually based on a simple formula of 20% of the total
investment in the product.

DESCRIPTION:  Renewal of Teammate maintenance and support for the period 1 Oct 2011 to 30 Sept 2012. These items are requested by Defense
Finance and Accounting Service, Internal Review, Indianapolis, IN.



ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE/ DELIVERY SCHEDULE:  The period of performance is 1 October 2011 to 30 September 2012.  The inspection and
acceptance and F.O.B. will be at destination.

Section 508 Compliance - Section 508 standards are applicable:  Software applications and Operating Systems Standard 1194.21 applies.

POINT OF CONTACT: Christine Scott, DFAS Contract Services Directorate; 3990 E. Broad Street; Bldg 21, Room 2B218; Columbus, OH 43213-1152 Phone
Number: 614-693-5681; Fax Number: 614-693-5674; Email:  Christine.Scott@dfas.mil


Contracting Officer: Steven Marshall, Phone Number: 614-693-1952; Email: Steven.Marshall@dfas.mil

QUESTIONS:  Please e-mail any questions concerning this solicitation to both the POC and Contracting Officer listed above.

The Government intends to award a single contract to CCH Wolters Kluwer resulting from this notice.

PRICE: This will be a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract. CCH Wolters Kluwer shall provide a FFP amount for item listed in the Contract Line Item
Number (CLIN) table. The quote shall provide the best commercial price available.

SHIP TO ADDRESS:  DFAS-Indianapolis

Internal Review (Column 323J)

Attn: Teresa Pender

8899 East 56th Street

Indianapolis, IN 46249


Inspection/Acceptance: FOB Destination

DELIVERY:  Destination

Quote is due August 31, 2011 at 5:00 PM EST to Defense Finance and Accounting Service.  Email quotes are acceptable and preferred. Electronic
files are restricted to 5MB in size and cannot be compressed.

Quote submitted from CCH Wolters Kluwer must contain: (1) Company name, address, telephone number, e-mail address; (2) Solicitation number; (3)
Unit Price and extended price for all CLINS; (4) Contractor DUNS Number and Government Entity (CAGE) Code, (5) Signed acknowledgements of
amendments (applicable only if any amendments are issued against this announcement).

Description of supplies required:

[pic]
CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

|                        |                                                                          |                 |                       |
|52.212-1                |Instructions to Offerors--Commercial Items                                |JUN 2008         |                       |
|52.212-3 Alt I          |Offeror Representations and Certifications--Commercial Items (May 2011)   |APR 2011         |                       |
|                        |Alternate I                                                               |                 |                       |
|52.212-4                |Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items                           |JUN 2010         |                       |
|52.219-1 Alt I          |Small Business Program Representations (Apr 2011) Alternate I             |APR 2011         |                       |
|52.225-18               |Place of Manufacture                                                      |SEP 2006         |                       |
|52.225-25               |Prohibition on Engaging in Sanctioned Activities Relating to              |SEP 2010         |                       |
|                        |Iran--Certification.                                                      |                 |                       |
|52.232-18               |Availability Of Funds                                                     |APR 1984         |                       |
|52.247-34               |F.O.B. Destination                                                        |NOV 1991         |                       |
|52.253-1                |Computer Generated Forms                                                  |JAN 1991         |                       |
|252.203-7002            |Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights                   |JAN 2009         |                       |
|252.204-7000            |Disclosure Of Information                                                 |DEC 1991         |                       |
|252.204-7003            |Control Of Government Personnel Work Product                              |APR 1992         |                       |
|252.204-7004 Alt A      |Central Contractor Registration (52.204-7) Alternate A                    |SEP 2007         |                       |
|252.232-7010            |Levies on Contract Payments                                               |DEC 2006         |                       |
|252.239-7001            |Information Assurance Contractor Training and Certification               |JAN 2008         |                       |
|252.243-7001            |Pricing Of Contract Modifications                                         |DEC 1991         |                       |




CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY FULL TEXT


52.212-2     EVALUATION--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (JAN 1999)


(a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation
will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers:

Award will be made to lowest-priced technically acceptable offer

 (b) Options. The Government will not evaluate options for this solicitation.

(c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance
specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration time,
the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of
withdrawal is received before award.

(End of provision)



52.212-5     CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (MAY 2011) ALTERNATE I (FEB
2000)

(a) The Contractor shall comply with the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses, which are incorporated in this contract by
reference, to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial items:

(1) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (FEB 2009) (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)).

Alternate I (Aug 2007) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)).

(2) 52.233-3, Protest After Award (AUG 1996) (31 U.S.C. 3553).

(3) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (OCT 2004) (Pub. L. 108-77, 108-78).

(b) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (b) that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated in
this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial items: (Contracting
Officer check as appropriate.)

 X___ (1) 52.203-6, Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (SEP 2006), with Alternate I (OCT 1995) (41 U.S.C. 253g and 10 U.S.C.
2402).

 ___ (2) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (APR 2010)(Pub. L. 110-252, Title VI, Chapter 1 (41 U.S.C. 251 note)).    

 ___ (3) 52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (JUN 2010) (Section 1553 of Pub. L. 111-
5). (Applies to contracts funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.)    

 X ___ (4) 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (JUL 2010) (Pub. L. 109-282) (31 U.S.C. 6101 note).    

  ___ (5) 52.204-11, American Recovery and Reinvestment Act—Reporting Requirements (JUL 2010) (Pub. L. 111-5).    

 _X__  (6) 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment
(DEC 2010) (31 U.S.C. 6101 note). (Applies to contracts over $30,000). (Not applicable to subcontracts for the acquisition of commercially
available off-the-shelf items).

 ___ (7) 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (section 740 of Division C of Public Law 111-117, section 743
of Division D of Public Law 111-8, and section 745
of Division D of Public Law 110-161).    


 ___ (8) 52.219-3, Notice of Total HUBZone Set-Aside or Sole-Source Award (JAN 2011) (15 U.S.C. 657a).    

 ___ (9) 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (JAN 2011) (if the offeror elects to waive the
preference, it shall so indicate in its offer) (15 U.S.C. 657a).    

 ___ (10) [Reserved].    

 ___ (11)(i) 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (JUNE 2003) (15 U.S.C. 644).    

 ___ (ii) Alternate I (OCT 1995) of 52.219-6.    

 ___ (iii) Alternate II (MAR 2004) of 52.219-6.    

 ___ (12)(i) 52.219-7, Notice of Partial Small Business Set-Aside (JUNE 2003) (15 U.S.C. 644).    

 ___ (ii) Alternate I (OCT 1995) of 52.219-7.    

 ___ (iii) Alternate II (MAR 2004) of 52.219-7.    

 ___ (13) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (JAN 2011) (15 U.S.C. 637 (d)(2) and (3)).    

 ___ (14)(i) 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan (JAN 2011) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)).    

 ___ (ii) Alternate I (OCT 2001) of 52.219-9     

 ___ (iii) Alternate II (OCT 2001) of 52.219-9.    

 ___ (iv) Alternate III (JUL 2010) of 52.219-9.    

 ___ (15) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (DEC 1996) (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(14)).    

 ___ (16) 52.219-16, Liquidated Damages--Subcontracting Plan (JAN 1999) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)(F)(i)).    

 ___ (17)(i) 52.219-23, Notice of Price Evaluation Adjustment for Small Disadvantaged Business Concerns (OCT 2008) (10 U.S.C. 2323) (if the
offeror elects to waive the adjustment, it shall so indicate in its offer).    

 ___ (ii) Alternate I (JUNE 2003) of 52.219-23.    

 ___ (18) 52.219-25, Small Disadvantaged Business Participation Program--Disadvantaged Status and Reporting (DEC 2010) (Pub. L. 103-355, section
7102, and 10 U.S.C. 2323).    

 ___ (19) 52.219-26, Small Disadvantaged Business Participation Program--Incentive Subcontracting (OCT 2000) (Pub. L. 103-355, section 7102, and
10 U.S.C. 2323).    

 ___ (20) 52.219-27, Notice of Total Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside (MAY 2004) (U.S.C. 657 f).    

 _X__ (21) 52.219-28, Post Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation (APR 2009) (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)).    

 ___ (22) 52.219-29 Notice of Total Set-Aside for Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business (EDWOSB) Concerns (APR 2011).

 ___ (23) 52.219-30 Notice of Total Set-Aside for Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) Concerns Eligible Under the WOSB Program (APR 2011).

 __X_ (24) 52.222-3, Convict Labor (JUNE 2003) (E.O. 11755).    

 _X__ (25) 52.222-19, Child Labor--Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (JUL 2010) (E.O. 13126).    

 _X__ (26) 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (FEB 1999).    

 _X__ (27) 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (MAR 2007) (E.O. 11246).    

 _X__ (28) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (SEP 2010) (38 U.S.C. 4212).
    

 _X__ (29) 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities (OCT 2010) (29
U.S.C. 793).    

_X___ (30) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Sep 2010) (38 U.S.C. 4212).


_X___ (31) 52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEC 2010) (E.O. 13496).


___ (32) 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (JAN 2009). (Executive Order 12989). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially
available off-the-shelf items or certain other types of commercial items as prescribed in 22.1803.)     

 ___ (33) (i) 52.223-9, Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items (MAY 2008) (42 U.S.C. 6962(c)(3)(A)(ii)).
(Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.)    

 ___ (ii) Alternate I (MAY 2008) of 52.223-9 (42 U.S.C. 6962(i)(2)(c)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-
shelf items.)     

 ___ (34) 52.223-15, Energy Efficiency in Energy-Consuming Products (DEC 2007) (42 U.S.C. 8259b)    

 ___ (35)(i) 52.223-16, IEEE 1680 Standard for the Environmental Assessment of Personal Computer Products (DEC 2007) (E.O. 13423)    .

 _X__ (ii) Alternate I (DEC 2007) of 52.223-16. .    

 _X__ (36) 52.223-18, Contractor Policy to Ban Text Messaging while Driving (SEP 2010) (E.O. 13513).
    

 ___ (37) 52.225-1, Buy American Act--Supplies (JUNE 2003) (41 U.S.C. 10a-10d).    

 ___ (38)(i) 52.225-3, Buy American Act--Free Trade Agreements--Israeli Trade Act (JUN 2009) (41 U.S.C. 10a-10d, 19 U.S.C. 3301 note, 19 U.S.C.
2112 note, 19 U.S.C. 3805 note, Pub. L. 108-77, 108-78, 108-286, 108-302, 109-53, 109-169, 109-283, and 110-138).    

 ___ (ii) Alternate I (JAN 2004) of 52.225-3.    

 ___ (iii) Alternate II (JAN 2004) of 52.225-3.    

 ___ (39) 52.225-5, Trade Agreements (AUG 2009) (19 U.S.C. 2501, et seq., 19 U.S.C. 3301 note).    

 _X__ (40) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (JUN 2008) (E.O.'s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of
Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury).    

 ___ (41) 52.226-4, Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150).    

 ___ (42) 52.226-5, Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150).    

 ___ (43) 52.232-29, Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Items (FEB 2002) (41 U.S.C. 255(f), 10 U.S.C. 2307(f))    

 ___ (44) 52.232-30, Installment Payments for Commercial Items (OCT 1995) (41 U.S.C. 255(f), 10 U.S.C. 2307(f)).    

 _X__ (45) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer--Central Contractor Registration (OCT 2003) (31 U.S.C. 3332).    

 ___ (46) 52.232-34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer--Other than Central Contractor Registration (MAY 1999) (31 U.S.C. 3332)    

 ___ (47) 52.232-36, Payment by Third Party (FEB 2010) (31 U.S.C. 3332).    

 _X__ (48) 52.239-1, Privacy or Security Safeguards (AUG 1996) (5 U.S.C. 552a).    

 ___ (49)(i) 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (FEB 2006) (46 U.S.C. Appx 1241(b) and 10 U.S.C. 2631).    

 ___ (ii) Alternate I (APR 2003) of 52.247-64.    
 ____     

(c) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (c), applicable to commercial services, that the Contracting Officer has
indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of
commercial items: (Contracting Officer check as appropriate.)

 ____ (1) 52.222-41, Service Contract Act of 1965 (Nov 2007) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).    

 ____ (2) 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (MAY 1989) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).    

 ____ (3) 52.222-43, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Act--Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (SEP 2009) (29
U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).    

 ____ (4) 52.222-44, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Act--Price Adjustment (SEP 2009) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. 351, et
seq.)    

 ____ (5) 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain
Equipment--Requirements (Nov 2007) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).    

 ____ (6) 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts for Certain Services--Requirements (FEB 2009) (41
U.S.C. 351, et seq.).    

 ____ (7) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations (Mar 2009) (Pub. L. 110-247).     

 ____ (8) 52.237-11, Accepting and Dispensing of $1 Coin (SEP 2008)(31 U.S.C. 5112(p)(1)).    

(d) Comptroller General Examination of Record. The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of this paragraph (d) if this contract was
awarded using other than sealed bid, is in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold, and does not contain the clause at 52.215-2, Audit
and Records--Negotiation.

(1) The Comptroller General of the United States, or an authorized representative of the Comptroller General, shall have access to and right to
examine any of the Contractor's directly pertinent records involving transactions related to this contract.

(2) The Contractor shall make available at its offices at all reasonable times the records, materials, and other evidence for examination,
audit, or reproduction, until 3 years after final payment under this contract or for any shorter period specified in FAR Subpart 4.7, Contractor
Records Retention, of the other clauses of this contract. If this contract is completely or partially terminated, the records relating to the
work terminated shall be made available for 3 years after any resulting final termination settlement. Records relating to appeals under the
disputes clause or to litigation or the settlement of claims arising under or relating to this contract shall be made available until such
appeals, litigation, or claims are finally resolved.

(3) As used in this clause, records include books, documents, accounting procedures and practices, and other data, regardless of type and
regardless of form. This does not require the Contractor to create or maintain any record that the Contractor does not maintain in the ordinary
course of business or pursuant to a provision of law.

(e) (1) Notwithstanding the requirements of the clauses in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) of this clause, the Contractor is not required to
flow down any FAR clause, other than those in this paragraph (e)(1)in a subcontract for commercial items. Unless otherwise indicated below, the
extent of the flow down shall be as required by the clause—

(i) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (APR 2010) (Pub. L. 110-252, Title VI, Chapter 1 (41 U.S.C. 251 note).

(ii) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (May 2004) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)), in all subcontracts that offer further
subcontracting opportunities. If the subcontract (except subcontracts to small business concerns) exceeds $550,000 ($1,000,000 for construction
of any public facility), the subcontractor must include 52.219-8 in lower tier subcontracts that offer subcontracting opportunities.

(iii) Reserved.

(iv) 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (MAR 2007) (E.O. 11246).

(v) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans (SEP 2006) (38 U.S.C.
4212).

(vi) 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities (June 1998) (29 U.S.C. 793).

(vii) Reserved.

(viii) 52.222-41, Service Contract Act of 1965 (Nov 2007) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).

(ix) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (FEB 2009) (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)).

Alternate I (AUG 2007) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)).

(x) 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment--
Requirements (Nov 2007) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).

(xi) 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts for Certain Services--Requirements (FEB 2009) (41 U.S.C.
351, et seq.).

(xii) 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (JAN 2009).

(xiii) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations. (MAR 2009) (Pub. L. 110-247). Flow down required in accordance with
paragraph (e) of FAR clause 52.226-6.

(xiv) 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (FEB 2006) (46 U.S.C. Appx 1241(b) and 10 U.S.C. 2631). Flow down
required in accordance with paragraph (d) of FAR clause 52.247-64.

(2) While not required, the contractor May include in its subcontracts for commercial items a minimal number of additional clauses necessary to
satisfy its contractual obligations.

(End of clause)


52.252-1     SOLICITATION PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998)

This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full
text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include
blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions,
the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the
full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es):

http://farsite.hill.af.mil

(End of provision)

52.252-6     AUTHORIZED DEVIATIONS IN CLAUSES (APR 1984)

(a) The use in this solicitation or contract of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1) clause with an authorized deviation is
indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the date of the clause.

(b) The use in this solicitation or contract of any DFARS (48 CFR CHAPTER 2) clause with an authorized deviation is indicated by the addition of
"(DEVIATION)" after the name of the regulation.

(End of clause)

252.204-7006   BILLING INSTRUCTIONS (OCT 2005)

When submitting a request for payment, the Contractor shall--

(a) Identify the contract line item(s) on the payment request that reasonably reflect contract work performance; and

(b) Separately identify a payment amount for each contract line item included in the payment request.

(End of clause)

252.212-7001  CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS APPLICABLE TO DEFENSE ACQUISITIONS OF COMMERCIAL
ITEMS (JUN 2011)

(a) The Contractor agrees to comply with the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause which, if checked, is included in this
contract by reference to implement a provision of law applicable to acquisitions of commercial items or components.

 X___ 52.203-3, Gratuities (APR 1984) (10 U.S.C. 2207).    

(b) The Contractor agrees to comply with any clause that is checked on the following list of Defense FAR Supplement clauses which, if checked,
is included in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial items or
components.

 (1) X___252.203-7000, Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials (JAN 2009) (Section 847 of Pub. L. 110-181).    

 (2) X___ 252.203-7003, Agency Office of the Inspector General (SEP 2010) (Section 6101 of Pub. L. 110-252, 41 U.S.C. 3509 note).    

 (3) ___ 252.205-7000, Provision of Information to Cooperative Agreement Holders (DEC 1991) (10 U.S.C. 2416).    

 (4) ___ 252.219-7003, Small Business Subcontracting Plan (DoD Contracts) (OCT 2010) (15 U.S.C. 637).    

 (5) ___ 252.219-7004, Small Business Subcontracting Plan (Test Program) (JAN 2011) (15 U.S.C. 637 note).    

 (6)(i) ___ 252.225-7001, Buy American Act and Balance of Payments Program (JAN 2009) (41 U.S.C. 10a-10d, E.O. 10582).    

(ii) ____ Alternate I (DEC 2010) of 252.225-7001.

 (7) ____ 252.225-7008, Restriction on Acquisition of Specialty Metals (JUL 2009) (10 U.S.C. 2533b).    

 (8) ____ 252.225-7009, Restriction on Acquisition of Certain Articles Containing Specialty Metals (JAN 2011) (10 U.S.C. 2533b).    

 (9) ____ 252.225-7012, Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities (JUN 2010) (10 U.S.C. 2533a).    

 (10) ____ 252.225-7015, Restriction on Acquisition of Hand or Measuring Tools (JUN 2005) (10 U.S.C. 2533a).    

 (11) ____ 252.225-7016, Restriction on Acquisition of Ball and Roller Bearings (JUN 2011) (Section 8065 of Public Law 107-117 and the same
restriction in subsequent DoD appropriations acts).    

 (12) )(i) ___ 252.225-7021, Trade Agreements (JUN 2011) (19 U.S.C. 2501-2518 and 19 U.S.C. 3301 note).    

 (ii) ___ Alternate I (SEP 2008)    

  (iii) ___ Alternate II (DEC 2010) of 252.225-7021.

 (13) ____ 252.225-7027, Restriction on Contingent Fees for Foreign Military Sales (APR 2003) (22 U.S.C. 2779).    

 (14) ____ 252.225-7028, Exclusionary Policies and Practices of Foreign Governments (APR 2003) (22 U.S.C. 2755).    

 (15)(i) ____ 252.225-7036, Buy American Act--Free Trade Agreements--Balance of Payments Program (DEC 2010) (41 U.S.C. 10a-10d and 19 U.S.C.
3301 note).     

 (ii) ___ Alternate I (JUL 2009) of 252.225-7036.    

 (iii) ___  Alternate II (DEC 2010) of 252.225-7036.

  (iv) ___ Alternate III (DEC 2010) of 252.225-7036.

 (16) ____ 252.225-7038, Restriction on Acquisition of Air Circuit Breakers (JUN 2005) (10 U.S.C. 2534(a)(3)).    

 (17) ____ 252.226-7001, Utilization of Indian Organizations, Indian-Owned Economic Enterprises, and Native Hawaiian Small Business Concerns
(SEP 2004) (Section 8021 of Public Law 107-248 and similar sections in subsequent DoD appropriations acts).    

 (18) ____ 252.227-7015, Technical Data--Commercial Items (MAR 2011) (10 U.S.C. 2320).    

 (19) ____ 252.227-7037, Validation of Restrictive Markings on Technical Data (SEP 1999) (10 U.S.C. 2321).    

 (20) X____ 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports (MAR 2008) (10 U.S.C. 2227).    

(21) X____252.237-7010, Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by Contractor Personnel (NOV 2010) (Section 1038 of Pub. L. 111-84).

(22) ____ 252.237-7019, Training for Contractor Personnel Interacting with Detainees (SEP 2006) (Section 1092 of Public Law 108-375).    

 (23) ____ 252.243-7002, Requests for Equitable Adjustment (MAR 1998) (10 U.S.C. 2410).    

   (24)____252.246-7004, Safety of Facilities, Infrastructure, and Equipment for Military Operations (OCT 2010) (Section 807 of Public Law 111-
84).

 (25)____ 252.247-7003, Pass-Through of Motor Carrier Fuel Surcharge Adjustment to the Cost Bearer (SEP 2010) (Section 884 of Public Law 110-
417).    

 (26)(i) ____ 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies by Sea (MAY 2002) (10 U.S.C. 2631).     

 (ii) ____ Alternate I (MAR 2000) of 252.247-7023.     

 (iii) ____ Alternate II (MAR 2000) of 252.247-7023.     

 (iv) ____ Alternate III (MAY 2002) of 252.247-7023.    

 (27) ____ 252.247-7024, Notification of Transportation of Supplies by Sea (MAR 2000) (10 U.S.C. 2631).    

(c) In addition to the clauses listed in paragraph (e) of the Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders--
Commercial Items clause of this contract (FAR 52.212-5), the Contractor shall include the terms of the following clauses, if applicable, in
subcontracts for commercial items or commercial components, awarded at any tier under this contract:

(1) 252.237-7010, Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by Contractor Personnel (NOV 2010) (Section 1038 of Pub. L. 111-84).

(2) 252.237-7019, Training for Contractor Personnel Interacting with Detainees (SEP 2006) (Section 1092 of Public Law 108-375).

(3) 252.247-7003, Pass-Through of Motor Carrier Fuel Surcharge Adjustment to the Cost Bearer (SEP 2010) (Section 884 of Public Law 110-417).

(4) 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies by Sea (MAY 2002) (10 U.S.C. 2631).

(5) 252.247-7024, Notification of Transportation of Supplies by Sea (MAR 2000) (10 U.S.C. 2631).

(End of clause)


DAS 52.39-9000   Representation of Compliance with the Electronic and Information Technology Accessibility Standards   (May 2003)

     a) Submission of the representation referenced in paragraph (b) and (c) is a prerequisite imposed by 36 CFR 1194 for making or entering
        into this contract.


     b) By submitting an offer or quote, the offeror represents that the products and services offered in response to this solicitation comply
        with the Electronic and Information Technology (EIT) Accessibility Standards at 36 CFR 1194, unless stated otherwise within the
        quotation or proposal.

     c) By submitting an offer or quote, the offeror further represents that any EIT products and services offered in response to this
        solicitation that are less than fully compliant are offered pursuant to extensive market research, which ensures that they are the most
        compliant products and services available to satisfy this solicitation's requirements.


     (End of Provision)


DAS 52.39-9001   Accessibility of Electronic and Information Technology        (May 2003)

      (a)  Each Electronic and Information Technology (EIT) product or service furnished under this contract shall comply with the Electronic and
Information Technology Accessibility Standards (36 CFR 1194), as specified in the contract and in the contractor’s proposal.  If the Contracting
Officer determines any furnished product or service is not in compliance with the contract, the Contracting Officer will promptly inform the
Contractor in writing.  The Contractor shall, without charge to the Government, repair or replace the non-compliant products or services within
the period of time specified by the Government in writing.  If such repair or replacement is not completed within the time specified, the
Government may take the following action:


      (b)  In accordance with FAR 12.403 or FAR 49.4 cancel the contract, delivery or task order, purchase, or line item without termination
liabilities.

d) The Government reserves the right to accept any EIT product or service that is exempted from complying with 36 CFR 1194 in accordance with
   FAR 39.204.

(End of Clause)


DCG 204.2 – REPLACEMENT OF PAPER DOCUMENT DISTRIBUTION WITH ELECTRONIC DOCUMENT ACCESS (EDA)

As of February 1, 2007, the DFAS Contract Services Directorate (Issuing Office) will no longer make paper or email distribution of contract
documents.  All DFAS contracts and modifications are available on the Electronic Document Access (EDA) website (http://eda.ogden.disa.mil).  The
website provides access information as well as EDA Help Desk support.




                     DFAS 252.232-9000 “WIDE AREA WORK FLOW (WAWF) – RECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE (RA) INSTRUCTIONS” (January 2010)

 (a) As prescribed in DFAS CG 232.70, Wide Area Work Flow (Revision One) contractors must submit payment requests in electronic form.  The
Defense Finance and Accounting Service (DFAS) has implemented the DoD sanctioned Wide Area Work Flow-Receipt and Acceptance (WAWF-RA) for
contractors to submit electronic payment requests and receiving reports.  Payment requests/invoices for supplies/services rendered under this
contract shall be submitted electronically through WAWF-RA using the invoice type identified in paragraph (d) below.  Paper type payment
requests/invoices will no longer be accepted or processed for payment unless the conditions of DFARS 252.232-7003(c) apply, and are specifically
authorized in the contract.

 (b)  The contractor shall ensure an Electronic Business Point of Contact is designated in the Central Contractor Registration at
http://www.ccr.gov.  The contractor must register to use WAWF-RA at https://wawf.eb.mil, within ten (10) days after award of the contract or
modification incorporating WAWF-RA into the contract.  Step by step procedures to register are available on the WAWF-RA website.

 (c)  Guidance regarding WAWF is available.  A free on-line computer based training module available at http://www.wawftraining.com/.   Payment
information is available in the “myInvoice” system, a web-based tool that provides current payment status of a WAWF invoice.  MyInvoice is
available at https://myinvoice.csd.disa.mil//index.html.  Vendor registration is required.  Additional information on WAWF is available at
https://wawf.eb.mil.

 (d)  Payments requests shall be submitted via WAWF-RA as (choose single type or multiple type invoices) a 2-in-1,  Combo, or as Cost Voucher.
(NOTE:  Interim and final payment requests for Cost-Reimbursement (CR), Time-and-Materials (T&M), and Labor-Hour (LH) contracts/orders and CR,
T&M, and LH CLINS on other types of contracts/orders shall utilize Cost Vouchers.)

(e) WAWF-RA invoice types authorized for the submission of payment requests are:

      (1) Combo – To be used for payment requests for goods or any combination of goods and services.

      (2) 2-in-1: Normally used for services only contract payment requests; however, it may be used for goods and/or services payment requests.


      (3) Cost Voucher:  Used if requesting payment for CR, T&M, and LH contracts/orders or CR, T&M, and LH CLINs on other types of
contracts/orders payment requests. (NOTE: Interim CR, T&M, and LH contracts/orders/CLIN payment requests are to be submitted to DCAA for
approval and final CR, T&M, and LH contracts/orders payment requests are to be submitted to the Contracting Officer for approval.)

            (4) Progress Payments: Used for payment requests when contracts/orders contain FAR 52.232-16, Progress Payments or DFARS 252.232-
7004, DoD Progress Payment Rates.

             (5) Performance Based Payments: Used for payment requests when contracts/orders contain FAR 52.232-32, Performance-Based Payments.

 (f)   DoD Address Activity Code (DoDAACs) or DoDAAC extensions.  The contractor shall ensure the following DoDAACs are input when completing
WAWF document(s) regardless of other DoDAACs used on the contract.  (NOTE: If EDA is used to pre-populate the Address DoDAAC information on the
WAWF document(s), the contractor must verify the data against the following information.  If necessary, change the pre-populated WAWF input in
accordance with the information provided below.)

      (1)  Issued by DoDAAC (HQ0423)


      (2)  Admin DoDAAC (HQ0423.).

      (3)  Payment DoDAAC (HQ0347)

      (4)  Acceptor DoDAAC (HQ0462)


      (5)  Inspected By DoDAAC  (Leave blank unless inspected at the Source, in which case the source inspection DoDAAC is entered – generally a
DCMA DoDAAC; or unless client uses an Inspected By DoDAAC.)


      (6) LPO DoDAAC/ EXT (Leave blank unless the DFAS activity is requesting the Local Processing Office (LPO) function be utilized and has
provided the DoDAAC.)

 (g)  The Contractor shall send e-mail notification to the following listed addresses when submitting payment requests in WAWF-RA, as
applicable.  Before closing out of an invoice session in WAWF-RA but after submitting your document or documents, the contractor will be
prompted to send additional email notifications.  Contractor shall click on “Send More E-mail Notification” on the page that appears and shall
input applicable e-mail addresses (see below).  NOTE:  This additional notification to the government is required to ensure that the
acceptor/receiver is aware that an invoice document has been submitted into the WAWF-RA system.  For example, when submitting a cost voucher for
payment of CR, T&M, and LH contracts/CLINs, the email notification will alert the COR to review the invoice prior to DCAA acceptance.  (E-mail
addresses can be obtained from COR or CO).

      (1) WAWF Acceptor     Teresa.Pender@dfas.mil  317-510-4636

      (2) Contracting Officer Representative (COR)  N/A

      (3) Government Point of Contact (GPOC)  Christine.Scott@dfas.mil

      (4) Alternate GPOC (AGPOC) Steven.Marshall@dfas.mil

            (5) Cognizant DCAA Office  N/A

                                                                 (END OF CLAUSE)




DFAS 52.223-9000, “ENVIRONMENTALLY PREFERABLE PRODUCTS” (OCT 2007)

The Environmentally Preferable Products clause is included in this contract to articulate the Government’s polices on Green Contracting.  FAR
23.403 sets forth the Federal Government’s policy to acquire items composed of the highest percentage of recycled-content practical, in a cost
effective manner while still obtaining other contracting goals.  Recycled-content products are identified in the Environmental Protection
Agency’s Comprehensive Procurement Guidelines (CPGs).  The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) will be producing a similar list which
designates Bio-based products.  EPA guideline items (and USDA designated bio-based products, when designated) are seen as the minimum that
should be considered when evaluating environmentally preferable materials.  Other environmentally preferable materials and products not listed,
but commonly used in industry outside of the Government, should also be considered.

The recently issued Executive Order 13423 (January 24, 2007) requires federal agencies to use sustainable environmental practices, including
acquisition of bio-based, environmentally preferable, energy-efficient, water-efficient, and recycled-content products.  Moreover, it now
requires that paper of at least 30 percent post-consumer fiber content must be acquired or used in Agency acquisitions of goods and services.

§ 1.        Mandatory use of Paper and other products with recycled content.

   e) All paper utilized in the performance of this contract must be of at least 30 percent post-consumer fiber content.

   f) The contractor, by responding to this RFP/RFQ, affirmatively acknowledges that they will, to the maximum extent practicable, use
      sustainable environmental practices including acquisition of bio-based, environmentally preferable, energy-efficient, water-efficient, and
      recycled-content products in the performance of this contract that meet the recycled-content recommendations for EPA designated items,
      which are found at http://www.epa.gov/epaoswer/non-hw/procure/products.htm.   In addition, by responding to this RFQ/RFP the contractor is
      certifying the deliverables required under this contract shall meet the recycled-content recommendations for EPA designated items.


§ 2   Notice of Green alternatives in Offerors’ product/service.
When offering a product or service that contains Green components as that term is defined at http://www.epa.gov/epaoswer/non-
hw/procure/products.htm,

   c) the contractor shall make the Contracting Officer aware of such facts in the submission of their quote or proposal.


      (b)   The contractor, when appropriate, shall comply with FAR Clause 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA
      Designated Products.


§ 2   Affirmative Duty of Contractors to adhere to Green Contracting Policy.

   a) Whenever practicable, the Contractor has an affirmative duty to examine its packaging to eliminate or reduce waste by volume, toxicity
      and/or weight and to utilize or substitute recyclable material for non-recyclable material in packaging.


      (b)   Whenever practicable, the Contractor has an affirmative duty to find other materials utilized in the delivery of services under this
      contract and examine whether it can reduce waste by volume, toxicity and/or weight and to utilize or substitute recyclable materials for
      non-recyclable materials of items consumed in the furnishing of their services.



