
This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for a commercial service prepared in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart
12.102 (g) and with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement
constitutes the only solicitation; Quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.

The Solicitation number is: OPM32-11- R-0006 and is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). This solicitation document incorporates all
mandatory commercial item provisions and clauses that are in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2005-50 dated May 16, 2011.

The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code is 511210, and the small business size standard is $23 million. This
procurement is unrestricted, allowing both large and small business to submit quotations.

The U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) is in the process of developing and implementing a solution that would allow the applicant to
digitally sign (i.e., click to sign) the required signature pages that meet the following objectives:

    • Satisfies legal requirements of relevant e-signature acts
    • Requires no additional software by applicant; or if any software required, it must be available at no cost and deployable without
      administrative rights on the computer
    • Can be deployed within the OPM network and within the existing eQIP application with moderate integration
    • Requires no external access to the vendor’s site or any other 3rd party site
    • Usable with either Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox
    • Allows use of “Click-to-Sign”
    • Low impact on existing software architecture and back-end administration by OPM personnel

The vendor awarded a contract under this effort will be required to provide products and services in accordance with all applicable Government
regulations and standards as set forth in the request for quotes.


U.S. Office of Personnel Management requires the following item:

CLIN 00001

A commercial off the shelf encryption library that meets the following requirements and is or identical in specifications to RSA’s BSAFE® Java
library including FIPS 140 validation.

System Requirements:

    • Be licensed for use in development, integration, test, production and disaster recovery environments where there is one and only one
      version of “production available” application

    • Be FIPS 140-2 Level I validated

    • Be implemented in pure Java (cannot require the use of Java Native Interface [JNI])

    • Be implemented to be a Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) provider

    • Be validated on Intel x86 64-bit architecture

    • Be validated for use with Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.x or 6.x (6.x preferred)

    • Be validated for use with the Oracle (previously Sun) Java Runtime Environment (JRE) versions 1.5 and 1.6

    • Support and be validated for ALL of the FIPS approved algorithms listed below. (See http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/fips/fips140-
      2/fips1402annexa.pdf for complete list.)

    o Symmetric Key (Advanced Encryption Standard [AES], Triple-DES Encryption Algorithm [TDEA])

    o Asymmetric Key (Digital Signature Standards (DSS) of types - DSA, RSA and ECDSA)

    o Secure Hash Standard (SHS) (SHA-1, SHA-224, SHA-256, SHA-384 and SHA-512)

    o Deterministic Random Number Generators (RNG) or Deterministic Random Bit Generator (DRBG) (Use seeded values)

    o Message Authentication (Triple-DES, AES and SHS) (HMAC)

    • Have at least implicit assignment of Cryptographic Officer Role and User role to enhance security

    • Provide technical support for implementing cryptography using the library through the maintenance contract portion of the procurement

    • Provide documentation on integrating library in custom code

    • Install as a Java Extension and perform a digital signature self-test as part of executable module's integrity checking during loading

    • Support external calls to PKCS#11 connected Hardware Security Modules (HSM).  The use of a C library and JNI is acceptable for this
      functionality only

    • Demonstrate a history of maintaining up-to-date FIPS 140-2 validation for the cryptographic library

    • Demonstrate a commitment to future maintenance of up-to-date FIPS 140-2 validation for the cryptographic library

    • Optional requirement:  Extended licensing to integrate in any and all application Java applications with the enterprise.

    • The product does not require external access to a 3rd party site outside of the OPM environment.

    • The product is available for download (immediately and at no cost) pending formal product delivery.

Maintenance Agreement:

Maintenance agreement for one year support with one option period for the above the above product.



CLIN 10000

Option Year - Maintenance Agreement for one year support


OPM intends to award on a Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) basis, considering past performance. Technically acceptable includes past
experience providing offeror has delivered an
identical in specifications to RSA’s BSAFE® Java library including FIPS 140 validation



Offerors are invited to submit their quotations to the Office of Personnel Management's (OPM) Contracting Group in response to this notice by
1:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST), June 15, 2011. Quotations submitted in response to this notice shall include the solicitation number in the
subject line and be signed, dated and submitted via email to Lisa.Adgerson@opm.gov.



Only e-mailed requests for additional information will be accepted at lisa.adgerson@opm.gov through 1:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST), June
13, 2011. Note that communications with other officials may compromise the competitiveness of this acquisition and result in the cancellation of
the requirement.


Vendors not registered in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database at the time the requirement is to be awarded will not be
considered. Vendors may register with CCR by calling 1-888-227-2423 or by accessing www.ccr.gov.


Base year plus one (1) option year


The selected Offeror must comply with the following commercial item terms and conditions, which are incorporated herein by reference: 52.212-1,
Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Item, applies to this acquisition  52.212-3, Offeror Representation and Certifications - Commercial Items -
selected offeror must submit a completed copy of the listed representations  and certifications, 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -
Commercial Item , 52.224-1, Privacy Act Notification, 52.224-2, Privacy Act, 52.242-15, Stop Work Order (AUG 1989). The full text of the
referenced FAR clauses may be accessed electronically at http://www.arnet.gov/ar.


FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation - Commercial Item, 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders  -
Commercial Items, 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services. 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract., 52.232-1  Payments, 52.242-13 --
Bankruptcy, 52.252-2 -- Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998).



OPM Specific Clauses
CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE


52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Item (JUNE 2008)


52.212-3, Offeror Representation and Certifications - Commercial Items (APR 2011)


52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Item (JUNE 2010)


52.224-1, Privacy Act Notification (APR 1984)


52.224-2, Privacy Act (APR 1984)


52.242-15, Stop Work Order (AUG 1989)








 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY FULL TEXT


52.212-2, Evaluation - Commercial Item (JAN 1999)


52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders  - Commercial Items.

      (a) The Contractor shall comply with the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses, which are incorporated in this contract by
      reference, to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial items:


           (1) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (FEB 2009) (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)).


           Alternate I (Aug 2007) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)).


           (2) 52.233-3, Protest After Award (AUG 1996) (31 U.S.C. 3553).

           (3) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (OCT 2004) (Pub. L. 108-77, 108-78).


      (b) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (b) that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated
      in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial items:
      Contracting Officer check as appropriate.

           [x ](1) 52.203-6, Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (SEP 2006), with Alternate I (OCT 1995) (41 U.S.C. 253g and
           10 U.S.C. 2402).


           [x ] (2) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (DEC 2008)(Pub. L. 110-252, Title VI, Chapter 1 (41 U.S.C. 251
           note)).


           [ ] (3) 52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Section 1553 of Pub. L. 111-
           5).


           [ ] (4) 52.204-11, American Recovery and Reinvestment Act--Reporting Requirements (MAR 2009) (Pub. L. 111-5).


           [ ](5) 52.219-3, Notice of Total HUBZone Set-Aside (JAN 1999) (15 U.S.C. 657a).


           [ ](6) 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (JUL 2005) (if the offeror elects to waive
           the preference, it shall so indicate in its offer) (15 U.S.C. 657a).


           [ ](7) Reserved.


           [ ](8)(i) 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (JUN 2003) (15 U.S.C. 644).


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (OCT 1995) of 52.219-6.


                 [ ] (iii) Alternate II (MAR 2004) of 52.219-6.


           [ ](9)(i) 52.219-7, Notice of Partial Small Business Set-Aside (JUN 2003) (15 U.S.C. 644).


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (OCT 1995) of 52.219-7.


                 [ ] (iii) Alternate II (MAR 2004) of 52.219-7.


           [ ](10) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (MAY 2004) (15 U.S.C. 637 (d)(2) and (3)).


           [ ](11)(i) 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan (APR 2008) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4).


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (OCT 2001) of 52.219-9.


                 [ ](iii) Alternate II (OCT 2001) of 52.219-9.


           [ ](12) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (DEC 1996) (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(14)).


           [ ](13) 52.219-16, Liquidated Damages--Subcontracting Plan (JAN 1999) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)(F)(i)).


           [ ](14)(i) 52.219-23, Notice of Price Evaluation Adjustment for Small Disadvantaged Business Concerns (OCT 2008) (10 U.S.C. 2323)(if
           the offeror elects to waive the adjustment, it shall so indicate in its offer.)


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (JUN 2003) of 52.219-23.


           [ ](15) 52.219-25, Small Disadvantaged Business Participation Program--Disadvantaged Status and Reporting (APR 2008) (Pub. L. 103-
           355, section 7102, and 10 U.S.C. 2323).


           [ ](16) 52.219-26, Small Disadvantaged Business Participation Program - Incentive Subcontracting (OCT 2000) (Pub. L. 103-355, section
           7102, and 10 U.S.C. 2323).


           [ ] (17) 52.219-27, Notice of Total Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside (May 2004)(15 U.S.C. 657 f).


           [ ] (18) 52.219-28, Post Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation (APR 2009) (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)).


           X(19) 52.222-3, Convict Labor (JUN 2003) (E.O. 11755).


           X(20) 52.222-19, Child Labor--Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (FEB 2008) (E.O. 13126).


           X(21) 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (FEB 1999).


           X(22) 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (MAR 2007) (E.O. 11246).


           X(23) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans (SEP 2006)
           (38 U.S.C. 4212).


           [ ](24) 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 1998) (29 U.S.C. 793).


           [ ](25) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans (SEP
           2006) (38 U.S.C. 4212).


           [ ](26) 52.222-39, Notification of Employee Rights Concerning Payment of Union Dues or Fees (DEC 2004) (E.O. 13201).


           X(27) 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (Jan 2009). (Executive Order 12989). (Not applicable to the acquisition of
           commercially available off-the-shelf items or certain other types of commercial items as prescribed in 22.1803.)


           [ ](28)(i) 52.223-9, Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items (May 2008) (42 U.S.C.
           6962(c)(3)(A)(ii)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.)


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (May 2008) of 52.223-9 (42 U.S.C. 6962(i)(2)(C)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially
                 available off-the-shelf items.)


           [ ](29) 52.223-15, Energy Efficiency in Energy-Consuming Products (DEC 2007) (42 U.S.C. 8259b).


           [ ] (30)(i) 52.223-16, IEEE 1680 Standard for the Environmental Assessment of Personal Computer Products (DEC 2007) (E.O. 13423).


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (DEC 2007) of 52.223-16.


           [ ](31) 52.225-1, Buy American Act - Supplies (FEB 2009) (41 U.S.C. 10a-10d).


           [ ] (32)(i) 52.225-3, Buy American Act--Free Trade Agreements--Israeli Trade Act (FEB 2009) (41 U.S.C. 10a-10d, 19 U.S.C. 3301 note,
           19 U.S.C. 2112 note, Pub. L 108-77, 108-78, 108-286, 109-53 and 109-169).


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (JAN 2004) of 52.225-3.


                 [ ](iii) Alternate II (JAN 2004) of 52.225-3.


           [ ] (33) 52.225-5, Trade Agreements (MAR 2009) (19 U.S.C. 2501, et seq., 19 U.S.C. 3301 note).


           [ ](34) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (JUN 2008) (E.O.'s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the
           Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury).


           [ ](35) 52.226-4, Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150).


           [ ](36) 52.226-5, Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150).


           [ ](37) 52.232-29, Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Items (FEB 2002) (41 U.S.C. 255(f), 10 U.S.C. 2307(f)).


           [ ](38) 52.232-30, Installment Payments for Commercial Items (OCT 1995) (41 U.S.C. 255(f), 10 U.S.C. 2307(f)).


           [x ](39) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - Central Contractor Registration (OCT 2003) (31 U.S.C. 3332).


           [ ](40) 52.232-34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - Other than Central Contractor Registration (MAY 1999) (31 U.S.C. 3332).


           [ ](41) 52.232-36, Payment by Third Party (MAY 1999) (31 U.S.C. 3332).


           [x ](42) 52.239-1, Privacy or Security Safeguards (AUG 1996) (5 U.S.C. 552a).


           [ ](43)(i) 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (FEB 2006) (46 U.S.C. Appx 1241(b) and 10 U.S.C.
           2631).


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (APR 2003) of 52.247-64.


      (c) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (c), applicable to commercial services, that the Contracting Officer
      has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to
      acquisitions of commercial items: (Contracting Officer check as appropriate.)

           [ ](1) 52.222-41, Service Contract Act of 1965 (NOV 2007) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


           [ ](2) 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (MAY 1989) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


           [ ](3) 52.222-43, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Act--Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (NOV 2006)
           (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


           [ ](4) 52.222-44, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Act--Price Adjustment (FEB 2002) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. 351, et
           seq.).


           X(5) 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of
           Certain Equipment--Requirements (NOV 2007) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


           [ ](6) 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts for Certain Services--Requirements (FEB 2009)
           (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


           [ ](7) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations. (MAR 2009) (Pub. L. 110-247).


           [ ] (8) 52.237-11, Accepting and Dispensing of $1 Coin (SEP 2008) (31 U.S.C. 5112(p)(1)).


      (d) Comptroller General Examination of Record. The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of this paragraph (d) if this contract was
      awarded using other than sealed bid, is in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold, and does not contain the clause at 52.215-2,
      Audit and Records - Negotiation.


           (1) The Comptroller General of the United States, or an authorized representative of the Comptroller General, shall have access to
           and right to examine any of the Contractor's directly pertinent records involving transactions related to this contract.


           (2) The Contractor shall make available at its offices at all reasonable times the records, materials, and other evidence for
           examination, audit, or reproduction, until 3 years after final payment under this contract or for any shorter period specified in
           FAR Subpart 4.7, Contractor Records Retention, of the other clauses of this contract. If this contract is completely or partially
           terminated, the records relating to the work terminated shall be made available for 3 years after any resulting final termination
           settlement. Records relating to appeals under the disputes clause or to litigation or the settlement of claims arising under or
           relating to this contract shall be made available until such appeals, litigation, or claims are finally resolved.


           (3) As used in this clause, records include books, documents, accounting procedures and practices, and other data, regardless of type
           and regardless of form. This does not require the Contractor to create or maintain any record that the Contractor does not maintain
           in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to a provision of law.


      (e)(1) Notwithstanding the requirements of the clauses in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) of this clause, the Contractor is not required
      to flow down any FAR clause, other than those in this paragraph (e)(1) in a subcontract for commercial items. Unless otherwise indicated
      below, the extent of the flow down shall be as required by the clause--


                 (i) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (DEC 2008) (Pub. L. 110-252, Title VI, Chapter 1 (41 U.S.C. 251
                 note)).


                 (ii) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (MAY 2004) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)), in all subcontracts that offer
                 further subcontracting opportunities. If the subcontract (except subcontracts to small business concerns) exceeds $550,000
                 ($1,000,000 for construction of any public facility), the subcontractor must include 52.219-8 in lower tier subcontracts that
                 offer subcontracting opportunities.


                 (iii) 52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections Under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Section 1553 of Pub. L. 111-
                 5). Applies to subcontracts funded under the Act.


                 (iv) 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (MAR 2007) (E.O. 11246).


                 (v) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans (SEP
                 2006) (38 U.S.C. 4212).


                 (vi) 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 1998) (29 U.S.C. 793).


                 (vii) 52.222-39, Notification of Employee Rights Concerning Payment of Union Dues or Fees (DEC 2004) (E.O. 13201).


                 (viii) 52.222-41, Service Contract Act of 1965 (NOV 2007) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


                 (ix) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (FEB 2009) (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)).


                 Alternate I (Aug 2007) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)).


                 (x) 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of
                 Certain Equipment--Requirements (NOV 2007) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


                 (xi) 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (FEB
                 2009)(41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


                 (xii) 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (Jan 2009).


                 (xiii) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations. (MAR 2009) (Pub. L. 110-247). Flow down required in
                 accordance with paragraph (e) of FAR clause 52.226-6.


                 (xiv) 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (FEB 2006) (46 U.S.C. Appx 1241(b) and 10 U.S.C.
                 2631). Flow down required in accordance with paragraph (d) of FAR clause 52.247-64.


           (2) While not required, the contractor may include in its subcontracts for commercial items a minimal number of additional clauses
           necessary to satisfy its contractual obligations.

(End of clause)

52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders--Commercial Items. (APR 2009) - Alternate I (FEB 2000)


      (a) The Contractor shall comply with the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses, which are incorporated in this contract by
      reference, to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial items:


           (1) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (FEB 2009) (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)).


           Alternate I (Aug 2007) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)).




           (2) 52.233-3, Protest After Award (AUG 1996) (31 U.S.C. 3553).

           (3) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (OCT 2004) (Pub. L. 108-77, 108-78).


      (b) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (b) that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated
      in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial items:
      Contracting Officer check as appropriate.

           [ ](1) 52.203-6, Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (SEP 2006), with Alternate I (OCT 1995) (41 U.S.C. 253g and 10
           U.S.C. 2402).


           [ ] (2) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (DEC 2008)(Pub. L. 110-252, Title VI, Chapter 1 (41 U.S.C. 251
           note)).


           [ ] (3) 52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Section 1553 of Pub. L. 111-
           5).


           [ ] (4) 52.204-11, American Recovery and Reinvestment Act--Reporting Requirements (MAR 2009) (Pub. L. 111-5).


           [ ](5) 52.219-3, Notice of Total HUBZone Set-Aside (JAN 1999) (15 U.S.C. 657a).


           [ ](6) 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (JUL 2005) (if the offeror elects to waive
           the preference, it shall so indicate in its offer) (15 U.S.C. 657a).


           [ ](7) Reserved.


           [ ](8)(i) 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (JUN 2003) (15 U.S.C. 644).


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (OCT 1995) of 52.219-6.


                 [ ] (iii) Alternate II (MAR 2004) of 52.219-6.


           [ ](9)(i) 52.219-7, Notice of Partial Small Business Set-Aside (JUN 2003) (15 U.S.C. 644).


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (OCT 1995) of 52.219-7.


                 [ ] (iii) Alternate II (MAR 2004) of 52.219-7.


           [ ](10) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (MAY 2004) (15 U.S.C. 637 (d)(2) and (3)).


           [ ](11)(i) 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan (APR 2008) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4).


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (OCT 2001) of 52.219-9.


                 [ ](iii) Alternate II (OCT 2001) of 52.219-9.


           [ ](12) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (DEC 1996) (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(14)).


           [ ](13) 52.219-16, Liquidated Damages--Subcontracting Plan (JAN 1999) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)(F)(i)).


           [ ](14)(i) 52.219-23, Notice of Price Evaluation Adjustment for Small Disadvantaged Business Concerns (OCT 2008) (10 U.S.C. 2323)(if
           the offeror elects to waive the adjustment, it shall so indicate in its offer.)


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (JUN 2003) of 52.219-23.


           [ ](15) 52.219-25, Small Disadvantaged Business Participation Program--Disadvantaged Status and Reporting (APR 2008) (Pub. L. 103-
           355, section 7102, and 10 U.S.C. 2323).


           [ ](16) 52.219-26, Small Disadvantaged Business Participation Program - Incentive Subcontracting (OCT 2000) (Pub. L. 103-355, section
           7102, and 10 U.S.C. 2323).


           [ ] (17) 52.219-27, Notice of Total Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside (May 2004)(15 U.S.C. 657 f).


           [ ] (18) 52.219-28, Post Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation (APR 2009) (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)).


           [ ](19) 52.222-3, Convict Labor (JUN 2003) (E.O. 11755).


           [ ](20) 52.222-19, Child Labor--Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (FEB 2008) (E.O. 13126).


           [ ](21) 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (FEB 1999).


           [ ](22) 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (MAR 2007) (E.O. 11246).


           [ ](23) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans (SEP
           2006) (38 U.S.C. 4212).


           [ ](24) 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 1998) (29 U.S.C. 793).


           [ ](25) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans (SEP
           2006) (38 U.S.C. 4212).


           [ ](26) 52.222-39, Notification of Employee Rights Concerning Payment of Union Dues or Fees (DEC 2004) (E.O. 13201).


           [ ](27) 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (Jan 2009). (Executive Order 12989). (Not applicable to the acquisition of
           commercially available off-the-shelf items or certain other types of commercial items as prescribed in 22.1803.)


           [ ](28)(i) 52.223-9, Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items (May 2008) (42 U.S.C.
           6962(c)(3)(A)(ii)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.)


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (May 2008) of 52.223-9 (42 U.S.C. 6962(i)(2)(C)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially
                 available off-the-shelf items.)


           [ ](29) 52.223-15, Energy Efficiency in Energy-Consuming Products (DEC 2007) (42 U.S.C. 8259b).


           [ ] (30)(i) 52.223-16, IEEE 1680 Standard for the Environmental Assessment of Personal Computer Products (DEC 2007) (E.O. 13423).


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (DEC 2007) of 52.223-16.


           [ ](31) 52.225-1, Buy American Act - Supplies (FEB 2009) (41 U.S.C. 10a-10d).


           [ ] (32)(i) 52.225-3, Buy American Act--Free Trade Agreements--Israeli Trade Act (FEB 2009) (41 U.S.C. 10a-10d, 19 U.S.C. 3301 note,
           19 U.S.C. 2112 note, Pub. L 108-77, 108-78, 108-286, 109-53 and 109-169).


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (JAN 2004) of 52.225-3.


                 [ ](iii) Alternate II (JAN 2004) of 52.225-3.


           [ ] (33) 52.225-5, Trade Agreements (MAR 2009) (19 U.S.C. 2501, et seq., 19 U.S.C. 3301 note).


           [ ](34) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (JUN 2008) (E.O.'s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the
           Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury).


           [ ](35) 52.226-4, Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150).


           [ ](36) 52.226-5, Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150).


           [ ](37) 52.232-29, Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Items (FEB 2002) (41 U.S.C. 255(f), 10 U.S.C. 2307(f)).


           [ ](38) 52.232-30, Installment Payments for Commercial Items (OCT 1995) (41 U.S.C. 255(f), 10 U.S.C. 2307(f)).


           [ ](39) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - Central Contractor Registration (OCT 2003) (31 U.S.C. 3332).


           [ ](40) 52.232-34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - Other than Central Contractor Registration (MAY 1999) (31 U.S.C. 3332).


           [ ](41) 52.232-36, Payment by Third Party (MAY 1999) (31 U.S.C. 3332).


           [ ](42) 52.239-1, Privacy or Security Safeguards (AUG 1996) (5 U.S.C. 552a).


           [ ](43)(i) 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (FEB 2006) (46 U.S.C. Appx 1241(b) and 10 U.S.C.
           2631).


                 [ ](ii) Alternate I (APR 2003) of 52.247-64.


      (c) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (c), applicable to commercial services, that the Contracting Officer
      has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to
      acquisitions of commercial items: (Contracting Officer check as appropriate.)

           [ ](1) 52.222-41, Service Contract Act of 1965 (NOV 2007) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


           [ ](2) 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (MAY 1989) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


           [ ](3) 52.222-43, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Act--Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (NOV 2006)
           (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


           [ ](4) 52.222-44, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Act--Price Adjustment (FEB 2002) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. 351, et
           seq.).


           [ ](5) 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of
           Certain Equipment--Requirements (NOV 2007) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


           [ ](6) 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts for Certain Services--Requirements (FEB 2009)
           (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


           (7) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations. (MAR 2009) (Pub. L. 110-247).


           [ ] (8) 52.237-11, Accepting and Dispensing of $1 Coin (SEP 2008) (31 U.S.C. 5112(p)(1)).


      (d)(1) Notwithstanding the requirements of the clauses in paragraphs (a), (b), and (c), of this clause, the Contractor is not required to
      flow down any FAR clause, other than those in this paragraph (d)(1) in a subcontract for commercial items. Unless otherwise indicated
      below, the extent of the flow down shall be as required by the clause--


                 (i) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (DEC 2008) (Pub. L. 110-252, Title VI, Chapter 1 (41 U.S.C. 251
                 note)).


                 (ii) 52.219-8, Utilization of  Small Business Concerns (MAY 2004) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)), in all subcontracts that offer
                 further subcontracting opportunities. If the subcontract (except subcontracts to small business concerns) exceeds $550,000
                 ($1,000,000 for construction of any public facility), the subcontractor must include 52.219-8 in lower tier subcontracts that
                 offer subcontracting opportunities.


                 (iii) 52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections Under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Section 1553 of Pub. L. 111-
                 5). Applies to subcontracts funded under the Act.


                 (iv) 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (MAR 2007) (E.O. 11246).


                 (v) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans (SEP
                 2006) (38 U.S.C. 4212).


                 (vi) 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 1998) (29 U.S.C. 793).


                 (vii) 52.222-39, Notification of Employee Rights Concerning Payment of Union Dues or Fees (DEC 2004) (E.O. 13201).


                 (viii) 52.222-41, Service Contract Act of 1965 (NOV 2007) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


                 (ix) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (FEB 2009) (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)).


                 Alternate I (Aug 2007) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)).


                 (x) 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of
                 Certain Equipment--Requirements (NOV 2007) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


                 (xi) 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (FEB
                 2009)(41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.).


                 (xii) 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (Jan 2009).


                 (xiii) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations. (MAR 2009) (Pub. L. 110-247). Flow down required in
                 accordance with paragraph (e) of FAR clause 52.226-6.


                 (xiv) 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (FEB 2006) (46 U.S.C. Appx 1241(b) and 10 U.S.C.
                 2631). Flow down required in accordance with paragraph (d) of FAR clause 52.247-64.


           (2) While not required, the contractor may include in its subcontracts for commercial items a minimal number of additional clauses
           necessary to satisfy its contractual obligations.

(End of clause)





52.217-8 Option to Extend Services.


                                                       Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999)

  THE GOVERNMENT MAY REQUIRE CONTINUED PERFORMANCE OF ANY SERVICES WITHIN THE LIMITS AND AT THE RATES SPECIFIED IN THE CONTRACT. THESE RATES MAY
BE ADJUSTED ONLY AS A RESULT OF REVISIONS TO PREVAILING LABOR RATES PROVIDED BY THE SECRETARY OF LABOR. THE OPTION PROVISION MAY BE EXERCISED
MORE THAN ONCE, BUT THE TOTAL EXTENSION OF PERFORMANCE HEREUNDER SHALL NOT EXCEED 6 MONTHS. THE CONTRACTING OFFICER MAY EXERCISE THE OPTION BY
WRITTEN NOTICE TO THE CONTRACTOR WITHIN 60 DAYS.

                                                                 (End of clause)


52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract.


                                               Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (Mar 2000)

  (A) THE GOVERNMENT MAY EXTEND THE TERM OF THIS CONTRACT BY WRITTEN NOTICE TO THE CONTRACTOR WITHIN 7 DAYS; PROVIDED THAT THE GOVERNMENT GIVES
THE CONTRACTOR A PRELIMINARY WRITTEN NOTICE OF ITS INTENT TO EXTEND AT LEAST 60 DAYS BEFORE THE CONTRACT EXPIRES. THE PRELIMINARY NOTICE DOES
NOT COMMIT THE GOVERNMENT TO AN EXTENSION.
  (b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause.
  (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 66 months.




52.232-1  Payments.


The Government shall pay the Contractor, upon the submission of proper invoices or vouchers, the prices stipulated in this contract for supplies
delivered and accepted or services rendered and accepted, less any deductions provided in this contract. Unless otherwise specified in this
contract, payment shall be made on partial deliveries accepted by the Government if—


(a) The amount due on the deliveries warrants it; or


(b) The Contractor requests it and the amount due on the deliveries is at least $1,000 or 50 percent of the total contract price.


                                                                 (End of clause)





52.242-13 -- Bankruptcy.

In the event the Contractor enters into proceedings relating to bankruptcy, whether voluntary or involuntary, the Contractor agrees to furnish,
by certified mail or electronic commerce method authorized by the contract, written notification of the bankruptcy to the Contracting Officer
responsible for administering the contract. This notification shall be furnished within five days of the initiation of the proceedings relating
to bankruptcy filing. This notification shall include the date on which the bankruptcy petition was filed, the identity of the court in which
the bankruptcy petition was filed, and a listing of Government contract numbers and contracting offices for all Government contracts against
which final payment has not been made. This obligation remains in effect until final payment under this contract.

                                                                 (End of Clause)



52.252-2 -- Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998)

This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request,
the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these
address(es):


http://www.arnet.gov/ar

http://www.farsite.hill.ar.mil

                                                                 (End of Clause)




OPM-Specific Clauses



1752.209-74 Organizational Conflicts of Interest (July 2005)

      (a)   The Contractor warrants that, to the best of the Contractor’s knowledge and belief, there are no relevant facts or circumstances
which could give rise to an organizational conflict of interest (OCI), as defined in FAR 9.5, Organizational and Consultants Conflicts of
Interest, or that the Contractor has disclosed all such relevant information.

      (b)   The Contractor agrees that if an actual or potential OCI is discovered after award, the Contractor shall make a full disclosure in
writing to the Contracting Officer. This disclosure must include a description of actions, which the Contractor has taken or proposes to take,
after consultation with the Contracting Officer, to avoid, mitigate, or neutralize the actual or potential conflict.

      (c)   The Contracting Officer may terminate this contract for convenience, in whole or in part, if it deems such termination necessary to
avoid an OCI. If the Contractor was aware of a potential OCI prior to award or discovered an actual or potential conflict after award and did
not disclose or misrepresented relevant information to the Contacting Office, the Government may terminate the contract for default, debar the
Contractor from Government contracting, or pursue such other remedies as may be permitted by law or this contract.

      (d)   The Contractor must include this clause in all subcontracts and in lower tier subcontracts unless a waiver is requested from, and
granted by, the Contracting Officer.

      (e)   In the event that a requirement changes in such a way as to create a potential conflict of interest for the Contractor, the
Contractor must:
            (1)   Notify the Contracting Officer of a potential conflict, and;
            (2)   Recommend to the Government an alternate approach which would avoid the potential conflict, or
            (3)  Present for approval a conflict of interest mitigation plan that will:
                 (i)   Describe in detail the changed requirement that creates the potential conflict of interest; and
                 (ii)  Outline in detail the actions to be taken by the Contractor or the Government in the performance of the task to mitigate
the conflict, division of subcontractor effort, and limited access to information, or other acceptable means.
            (4)   The Contractor must not commence work on a changed requirement related to a potential conflict of interest until specifically
notified by the Contracting Officer to proceed.
            (5)   If the Contracting Officer determines that it is in the best interest of the Government to proceed with work, notwithstanding a
conflict of interest, a request for waiver must be submitted in accordance with FAR 9.503.

1752.209-75 Reducing Text Messaging While Driving (Oct 2009)

      (a)   In accordance with Section 4 of the Executive Order, “Federal Leadership on
Reducing Text Messaging While Driving,” dated October 1, 2009, you are hereby encouraged to:

            (1)  Adopt and enforce policies that ban text messaging while driving company-owned or -rented vehicles or Government-owned, -leased
or –rented vehicles, or while driving privately-owned vehicles when on official Government business or when performing any work for or on behalf
of the Government; and

            (2)  Consider new company rules and programs, and reevaluating existing programs to prohibit text messaging while driving, and
conducting education, awareness, and other outreach for company employees about the safety risks associated with texting while driving. These
initiatives should encourage voluntary compliance with the company’s text messaging policy while off duty.

      (b)   For purposes of complying with the Executive Order:

            (1)   "Texting" or "Text Messaging" means reading from or entering data into any handheld or other electronic device, including for
the purpose of SMS texting, e-mailing, instant messaging, obtaining navigational information, or engaging in any other form of electronic data
retrieval or electronic data communication.

            (2)  "Driving" means operating a motor vehicle on an active roadway with the motor running, including while temporarily stationary
because of traffic, a traffic light or stop sign, or otherwise. It does not include operating a motor vehicle with or without the motor running
when one has pulled over to the side of, or off, an active roadway and has halted in a location where one can safely remain stationary.


1752.222-70 Notice of Requirement for Certification of Nonsegregated Facilities (July 2005)

      By signing this offer or contract, the contractor will be deemed to have signed and agreed to the provisions of Federal Acquisition
Regulations (FAR) Clause 52.222-21, Certification of Nonsegregated Facilities, incorporated by reference in this solicitation/contract. The
certification provides that the bidder or offeror does not maintain or provide for its employees, facilities which are segregated on a basis of
race, color, religion, or national origin, whether such facilities are segregated by directive or on a de facto basis. The certification also
provides that the bidder/offeror does not and will not permit its employees to perform their services at any location under its control where
segregated facilities are maintained. FAR Clause 52.222-21 must be included in all subcontracts as well.

1752.222-71      Special Requirements for Employing Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans
(July 2005)

      (a)   If this contract contains FAR Clause 52.222-35 (Equal Opportunity for Special
Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans), your company must comply with the requirements of this clause,
including the listing of employment opportunities with the local office of the state employment service system.

      (b)   If this contract contains FAR clauses 52.222-37 (Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and
Other Eligible Veterans) or 52.222-38 (Compliance with Veterans’ Employment Reporting Requirements), you are reminded that your company must
comply with the special reporting requirements described in those clauses. Your company must submit information on several aspects of its
employment and hiring of special disabled and Vietnam era veterans or other veterans who served on active duty during a war or in a campaign or
expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized. You must submit this information no later than September 30 of each year, in the
“Federal Contractor Veterans’ Employment Report” or VETS-100 Report. The U.S. Department of Labor has established a web site for submitting this
report. The address is: http://www.vets100.cudenver.edu.



1752.223-71 Environmentally Preferable Products and Services (July 2005)



      (a)   Executive Order 13423, Strengthening Federal Environmental, Energy, and Transportation Management, requires in agency acquisitions
of goods and services (i) use of sustainable environmental practices, including acquisition of biobased, environmentally preferable, energy-
efficient, water-efficient, and recycled-content products, and (ii) use of paper of at least 30 percent post-consumer fiber content.



      (b)    By signing this offer or contract, the contractor will be deemed to have signed and agreed that all goods and services provided
under this contract will comply with the above requirements of Executive Order 13423.



1752.224-70            Protecting Personally Identifiable Information (May 2009)

      (a)   Applicability

      This clause applies to contractor personnel and addresses specific OPM requirements in addition to those included in the Privacy Act of
1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a - the Act).  The following should not be construed to alter or diminish civil and/or criminal liabilities provided under the
Act.


      (b)   Definition of Personally Identifiable Information (PII)

      Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is information that can be used to discern or trace a person's identity, such as name, social
security number, biometric records, and that combined with other information, can be used to compromise the integrity of agency records relating
to a person, by permitting access to unauthorized disclosure of these records. For example, a name alone would generally not constitute PII, but
when linked to his or her social security number, date of birth, or mother's maiden name, would constitute PII. In other words, PII refers to
any information, on any medium, that identifies a specific individual whether the information is on paper or electronic.


2     (c)   Responsibilities for Handling PII


            (1)  Contract employees shall not remove PII from their individual assigned duty station without prior approval of their supervisor.


            (2)  All contract employees are personally responsible for the proper handling of PII, regardless of location.  All contract
employees must be:
           ▪ responsible for the proper control and handling of PII residing on their computer, on removable media, and on paper documents.
           ▪ responsible for ensuring portable data storage and communication devices are properly controlled and secured at all times.
           ▪ responsible for the proper marking, control and storage of printouts and other paper documents containing PII in their possession.
           ▪ Email cannot be encrypted.  Since PII must be encrypted before being sent, send it only as an encrypted attachment.  Do not send
             PII in the content of an email.

      (d)   Encryption of Personally Identifiable Information (PII)

            (1)  OPM has a policy protecting, and when appropriate, restricting sending, copying or moving PII from the OPM network.  Therefore,
if the contract employees must send PII, send it only as an encrypted attachment.  OPM employees and contractors are required to encrypt PII
data using WinZip.  Instructions on how to use WinZip to encrypt and protect files containing PII are available on Theo at:
http://theo.opm.gov/helpdesk/selfhelp/WinZipv90EncryptionProcedures.pdf. WinZip can be used to protect data on workstations, laptops and email
attachments.  It is available on all OPM workstations attached to the agency’s network.   

            (2)  A password protected file is not secure.  Never send any unencrypted PII data in e-mail.   

      (e)   Procedures for Reporting a Breach of PII

            (1)  A breach of PII includes loss of control, compromise, unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized acquisition, or unauthorized access
of personally identifiable information whether physical or electronic.  As an agency, OPM is required to immediately report all potential PII
data breaches -- whether they involve paper documents or electronic information.  In order to meet this responsibility, OPM has established a
new internal procedure for reporting the loss or possible compromise of any PII, and this clause conforms to that procedure.

            (2)  OPM contractors must report any breach or potential breach to the OPM Situation Room and the Contracting Officer within 30
minutes of becoming aware of the risk – regardless of the time or day of the week.  Breaches should be reported, even if it is believed the
breach is limited, small, or insignificant. OPM’s IT security experts will determine when a breach needs additional focus and attention.  The
OPM Situation Room is available 24 hours per day, 365 days per year. Report the breach to the OPM Situation Room and the Contracting Officer
either by phone or by e-mail; however, be sure NOT to include PII in the e-mail.

      (f)   Points of Contact

            (1)  OPM contractors must report a breach or potential breach of PII to the OPM Situation Room at: 

sitroom@opm.gov
(202) 418-0111
Fax (202) 606-0624

            (2)  When notifying the Situation Room, please copy or copy the Contracting Officer at:

Wanda Cross
202-606-8223
202-606-1464

            (3)  To get help with WinZip, please contact the OPM HelpDesk at:

helpdesk@opm.gov
(202) 606-4927
TTY (202) 606-1295

            (4)  If you have questions regarding these procedures, contact the Contracting Officer.

1752.224-71 Freedom of Information Act Requests (Sep 2009)

      (a)   Offerors are reminded that information furnished under this solicitation may be subject to disclosure under the Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA). Therefore:

            (1)  All items that are confidential to business, or contain trade secrets, proprietary, or personnel information must be clearly
marked in all documents submitted to the U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM or The Government).  Marking of items will not necessarily
preclude disclosure when the OPM determines disclosure is warranted by FOIA.  However, if such items are not marked, all information contained
within the submitted documents will be deemed to be releasable.

            (2)  No later than five (5) business days after award of a contract, blanket purchase agreement (BPA), or order, the Contractor must
provide OPM a redacted copy of the contract/BPA/order in electronic format. This copy will be used to satisfy any requests for copies of the
contract/BPA/order under the FOIA. If the Contracting Officer believes that any redacted information does not require protection from public
release, the issue will be resolved in accordance with paragraph 3.104-4(d) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation.

      (b)   Any information made available to the Contractor by the Government must be used only for the purpose of carrying out the provisions
of this contract and must not be divulged or made known in any manner to any person except as may be necessary in the performance of the
contract.

      (c)   In performance of this contract, the Contractor assumes responsibility for protection of the confidentiality of Government records
and must ensure that all work performed by its subcontractors shall be under the supervision of the Contractor or the Contractor's responsible
employees.

      (d)   Each officer or employee of the Contractor or any of its subcontractors to whom any Government record may be made available or
disclosed must be notified in writing by the Contractor that information disclosed to such officer or employee can be used only for a purpose
and to the extent authorized herein, and that further disclosure of any such information, by any means, for a purpose or to an extent
unauthorized herein, may subject the offender to criminal sanctions imposed by 19 U.S.C. 641. That section provides, in pertinent part, that
whoever knowingly converts to their use or the use of another, or without authority, sells, conveys, or disposes of any record of the United
States or whoever receives the same with intent to convert it to their use or gain, knowing it to have been converted, shall be guilty of a
crime punishable by a fine of up to $10,000, or imprisoned up to ten years, or both.

1752.232-70      Invoice Requirements (Dec 2010)

      (a)   A proper invoice must include the following items (except for interim payments on cost reimbursement contracts for services):
            (1)  Name and address of the contractor.
            (2)  Invoice date and invoice number. (Contractors should date invoices as close as possible to the date of transmission.)
            (3)  Contract number or other authorization for supplies delivered or services performed (including order number and contract line
item number).
            (4)  Description, quantity, unit of measure, unit price, and extended price of supplies delivered or services performed.
            (5)  Shipping and payment terms (e.g., shipment number and date of shipment, discount for prompt payment terms). Bill of lading
number and weight of shipment will be shown for shipments on Government bills of lading.
            (6)  Name and address of contractor official to whom payment is to be sent (must be the same as that in the contract or in a proper
notice of assignment).
            (7)  Name (where practicable), title, phone number, and mailing address of person to notify in the event of a defective invoice.
            (8)  Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN). The contractor must include its TIN on the invoice only if required by agency procedures.
(See 4.9 TIN requirements.)
            (9)        Electronic funds transfer (EFT) banking information.
                       (i)   The contractor shall have submitted correct EFT banking information in accordance with the applicable solicitation
provision (e.g., 52.232-38, Submission of Electronic Funds Transfer Information with Offer), contract clause (e.g., 52.232-33, Payment by
Electronic Funds Transfer-Central Contractor Registration, or 52.232-34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Other Than Central Contractor
Registration), or applicable agency procedures.
                       (ii)  The last four digits of the contractor’s bank account must be shown on each invoice submitted for payment. This
information will be used as a cross-reference in situations where the EFT banking information in the Central Contract Registration is suspect.
                       (iii) EFT banking information is not required if the Government waived the requirement to pay by EFT.
            (10)       The vendor’s certification that their EFT banking information in the Central Contractor Registration is current, accurate
and complete as of the date of the invoice.
            (11) Any other information or documentation required by the contract (e.g., evidence of shipment).

      (b)   Any invoice that does not contain all of the information listed in paragraph (a) above will be rejected as improper, and a new
complete corrected invoice must be submitted. The payment due date for the corrected invoice will be calculated from the date it is received in
the Prompt Pay e-mail box.

       (c)  ALL OPM invoices—without exception—must have unique identifying numbers, and be submitted via e-mail to OPM’s Prompt Pay e-mail box
at:

            PromptPay@opm.gov
            Cc: lisa.adgerson@opm.gov and cynthia.flores@opm.gov

            Please note that OPM cannot guarantee payment of invoices sent by any other means, such as regular mail or e-mail to other
addresses.

      (d)   Please attach only one invoice to each e-mail, and use the following format for the subject line of the e-mail:

            <Contractor name>&<Invoice no>&<Amount>&<Contract Number>/<Call or Order Number>

            Example:
            ABC Co&AB-1298433&10000.00&OPM00-00-X-0000/X0000

      (e)   Payment due dates will only be calculated from the date that invoices are received in the Prompt Pay e-mail box.

      (f)   Inquiries regarding payment of invoices should be e-mailed to InvoiceInquiries@opm.gov. The relevant invoice must be attached to the
inquiry e-mail, and the subject line of the e-mail must state “INQUIRY,” followed by the information described in paragraph (d) above.

            Example:
            INQUIRY: ABC Co&AB-1298433&10000.00&OPM00-00-X-0000/X0000

            Do NOT use the Prompt Pay e-mail box for inquiries.

      (g)   If the supplies, services, technical or other reports are rejected for failure to conform to the technical requirements of the
contract, or for damage in transit or otherwise, the invoice will be rejected and returned to the Contractor.

1752.232-71      Method of Payment (July 2005)

      (a)   Payments under this contract will be made either by check or by wire transfer through the Treasury Financial Communications System
at the option of the Government.

      (b)   The Contractor must forward the following information in writing to the Contracting Officer not later than seven (7) days after
receipt of notice of award:
            (1)   Full Name (where practicable), title, telephone number, and complete mailing address of responsible official(s):
            (i)   to whom check payments are to be sent, and
                 (ii)  who may be contacted concerning the bank account information requested below.
      (2)   The following bank account information required to accomplish wire transfers:
                 (i)   Name, address, and telegraphic abbreviation of the receiving financial institution.
                 (ii)  Receiving financial institution's 9-digit American Bankers Association (ABA) identifying number for routing transfer of
funds. (Provide this number only if the receiving financial institution has access to the Federal Reserve Communications System.)
                 (iii) Recipient's name and account number at the receiving financial institution to be credited with the funds.  If the
receiving financial institution does not have access to the Federal Reserve Communications System, provide the name of the correspondent
financial institution through which the receiving institution receives electronic funds transfer messages.  If a correspondent financial
institution is specified, also provide:
                       (A)   Address and telegraphic abbreviation of the correspondent financial institution.
                       (B)   The correspondent financial institution's 9-digit ABA identifying number for routing transfer of funds.

      (c)   Any changes to the information furnished under paragraph (b) of this clause shall be furnished to the Contracting Officer in writing
at least 30 days before the effective date of the change.  It is the Contractor’s responsibility to furnish these changes promptly to avoid
payments to erroneous addresses or bank accounts.

      (d)   The document furnishing the information required in paragraphs (b) and (c) must be dated and contain the signature, title, and
telephone number of the Contractor official authorized to provide it, as well as the Contractor's name and contract number


1752.233-70      OPM Protest Procedures [Applicable to Solicitations Only] (Dec 2010)

      (a)   An interested party who files a protest with OPM has the option of requesting review

and consideration of the protest by either the Contracting Officer (CO) or the Senior Procurement Executive (SPE).  The protest must clearly
indicate the official to whom it is directed.



      (b)   If the protest is directed to the SPE, a copy of the protest must be sent to the Director of the Contracting Group at the same time
the protest is filed with the CO in accordance with FAR 52.233-2.  The address of the Director of the Contract Group is:


            William N. Patterson, Director
            FSC/ Contracting
            U.S. Office of Personnel
            1900 E Street N.W., Room 1342
            Washington, DC 20415

      (c)   Review and consideration of a protest by the SPE is an alternative to review and consideration by the CO.

1752.237-70  Non-Personal Services (July 2005)

      (a)   As stated in the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Letter 92-1, dated September 23, 1992, Inherently Governmental Functions, no
personal services shall be performed under this contract. No Contractor employee will be directly supervised by the Government.  All individual
employee assignments, and daily work direction, shall be given by the applicable employee supervisor. If the Contractor believes any Government
action or communication has been given that would create a personal services relationship between the Government and any Contractor employee,
the Contractor must promptly notify the Contracting Officer of this communication or action.

      (b)   The Contractor must not perform any inherently Governmental actions under this contract. No Contractor employee shall hold him or
herself out to be a Government employee, agent, or representative. No Contractor employee may state orally or in writing at any time that he or
she is acting on behalf of the Government. In all communications with third parties in connection with the contract, Contractor employees must
identify themselves as Contractor employees and specify the name of the company for which they work. In all communications with other Government
Contractors in connection with this contract, the Contractor employee must state that they have no authority to in any way change the contract
and that if the other Contractor believes this communication to be a direction to change their contract, they should notify the Contracting
Officer for that contract and not carry out the direction until a clarification has been issued by the Contracting Officer.

      (c)   The Contractor must insure that all of its employees working on this contract are informed of the substance of this clause. Nothing
in this clause limits the Government's rights in any way under any other provision of the contract, including those related to the Government's
right to inspect and accept the services to be performed under this contract.  The substance of this clause must be included in all subcontracts
at any tier.

1752.239-70 Internet Protocol Version 6 (IPV6) (July 2005)

      Any information technology product or system procured as a result of this solicitation must be IPv6 Compliant.  A compliant product or
system must be able to receive process and transmit or forward IPv6 packets and be able to interoperate with other system and protocols in both
IPv4 and IPv6 modes.

1752.239-71      Information Technology Systems Security (July 2005)

      (a)   The activities required by the Statement of Work (SOW) shall necessitate the
Offeror’s access to a Federal Automated Information System (AIS) or systems, as well as the implementation of new systems.  Based upon the
definitions contained in Federal Information Processing Standards Publication 199 (FIPS PUB 199), the Government has determined that Level LLL,
applies to the sensitivity of the data contained in the AIS(s) and Level LLL,  (applies to the operational criticality of the data processing
capabilities of the AIS(s). (Note:  FIPS PUB 199 is accessible on line at: http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/fips/fips199/FIPS-PUB-199-
final.pdf.)

      (b)   The Offeror’s proposal must include:
            (1)  A detailed outline (commensurate with the size and complexity of the requirements of the SOW) of its present and proposed
Information Technology systems security program and demonstrate that it complies with the security requirements of the SOW, the Federal
Information Security Management Act of 2002 (FISMA, Public Law 107-347, 44 U.S.C. 3531-3536 ); Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Circular A-
130, Appendix III, "Security of Federal Automated Information Systems”  and an acknowledgement of its understanding of the security requirements
in the SOW. (Note:  OMB Circular A-130, Appendix III is accessible on line at: http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/circulars/a130/appendix_iii.pdf.)
            (2)  Similar information for any subcontract proposed.

1752.239-72 Contractor Access to OPM IT Systems (Jan 2008)

      OPM’s Center for Information Services has implemented policies to ensure the security and safety of OPM's information systems. One policy
is the ability to audit who has access to
OPM IT systems.  For that reason the contractor must:

            (1)  Immediately following contract award, provide to the distribution list “System Access Control" (systemaccesscontrol@opm.gov) an
initial and complete list of employee's names that require access to OPM information systems; and

            (2)  By the fifth day of each month thereafter, send a staffing change report to the Contracting Officer’s Representative, contract
administrator and systemaccesscontrol@opm.gov on a monthly basis. A template for the submission is attached. The report must contain the listing
of all staff members who left or were hired under this contract in the past 60 days. This form must be submitted even if no separation has
occurred during this period. Failure to submit a ‘Contractor Staffing Change Report’ each month will result in the suspensions of all user ids
associated with this contract.

1752.239-73      Section 508 Standards (July 2005)

      (a)   All electronic and information technology (EIT) procured through this RFQ must meet the applicable accessibility standards at 36 CFR
1194, unless an agency exception to this
requirement exists.  36 CFR 1194 implements Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, and is viewable at http://www.access-
board.gov/sec508/508standards.htm.

      (b)   The following standards have been determined to be applicable to this RFQ:
            (1)  1194.21. Software applications and operating systems.
            (2)  1194.22. Web-based intranet and Internet information and applications.
            (3)  1194.23 Telecommunications products.
            (4)  1194.24 Video and multimedia products.
            (5)  1194.26 Desktop and portable computers.

      (c)   The standards do not require the installation of specific accessibility-related software or the attachment of an assistive
technology device, but merely require the EIT be compatible with such software and devices so that it can be made accessible if so required by
the agency in the future

      (d)   OPM is required by Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (29 U.S.C. 794d), to offer access to electronic and
information technology for disabled individuals within its employ, and for disabled members of the public seeking information and services. This
access must be comparable to that which is offered to similar individuals who do not have disabilities. Standards for complying with this law
are prescribed by the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board ("The Access Board").

      (e)   The current deliverable(s) must incorporate these standards as well as any agency specific standards developed by OPM. The attached
technical description contains further information on how this is to be done. Your response to the solicitation should contain documentation of
your compliance with these standards. However, the Contracting Officer may request additional technical documentation, if necessary to make this
determination.

      (f)   The final work product must include documentation that the deliverable conforms with the Section 508 Standards promulgated by the US
Access Board.

      (g)   In the event of a dispute between you and OPM, then OPM’s assessment of the Section 508 compliance will control and you will need to
make any additional changes needed to conform with OPM’s assessment, at no additional charge to OPM.

1752.242-70   Contract Performance Information      (July 2005)

      (a)   Dissemination of Contract Performance Information

      The Contractor must not publish, permit to be published, or distribute for public consumption, any information, oral or written,
concerning the results or conclusions made pursuant to the performance of this contract, without the prior written consent of the Contracting
Officer. Two copies of any material proposed to be published or distributed must be submitted to the Contracting Officer for approval.

      (b)   Contractor Testimony

      All requests for the testimony of the Contractor or its employees, and any intention to testify as an expert witness relating to: (a) any
work required by, and or performed under, this contract: or (b) any information provided by any party to assist the Contractor in the
performance of this contract, must be immediately reported to the Contracting Officer. Neither the Contractor nor its employees must testify on
a matter related to work performed or information provided under this contract, either voluntarily or pursuant to a request, in any judicial or
administrative proceeding unless approved by the Contracting Officer or required by a judge in a final court order.






52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Item (JUNE 2008) is incorporated by reference.


INSTRCUTIONS FOR PREPARING THE TECHNICAL APPROACH PORTION OF THE QUOATION

The following instructions apply to the format of the response submission

|Part           |Content                                  |Format                                                                 |Page Limit |
|               |Letter of Transmittal                    |MS Word or Adobe Acrobat                                               |01 page    |
|Volume 1: Request Response                                                                                                                    |
|               |Technical Approach                       |MS Word using template provided                                        |10         |
|               |Past Performance                         |MS Word or Adobe Acrobat                                               |10         |
|Volume 2: Cost Estimate                                                                                                                       |
|Part I         |Cost Estimate Submission                 |MS Excel                                                               |None       |


PREPARING THE TECHNICAL PORTION OF THE QUOTATION

1. Technical Approach:

The offeror shall include in its quotation a statement of a commercial off the shelf encryption library that meets the following requirements
and is or identical in specifications to RSA’s BSAFE® Java library including FIPS 140 validation.

Systems Requirement:

    • Be licensed for use in development, integration, test, production and disaster recovery environments where there is one and only one
      version of “production available” application

    • Be FIPS 140-2 Level I validated

    • Be implemented in pure Java (cannot require the use of Java Native Interface [JNI])

    • Be implemented to be a Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) provider

    • Be validated on Intel x86 64-bit architecture

    • Be validated for use with Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.x or 6.x (6.x preferred)

    • Be validated for use with the Oracle (previously Sun) Java Runtime Environment (JRE) versions 1.5 and 1.6

    • Support and be validated for ALL of the FIPS approved algorithms listed below. (See http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/fips/fips140-
      2/fips1402annexa.pdf for complete list.)

    o Symmetric Key (Advanced Encryption Standard [AES], Triple-DES Encryption Algorithm [TDEA])

    o Asymmetric Key (Digital Signature Standards (DSS) of types - DSA, RSA and ECDSA)

    o Secure Hash Standard (SHS) (SHA-1, SHA-224, SHA-256, SHA-384 and SHA-512)

    o Deterministic Random Number Generators (RNG) or Deterministic Random Bit Generator (DRBG) (Use seeded values)

    o Message Authentication (Triple-DES, AES and SHS) (HMAC)

    • Have at least implicit assignment of Cryptographic Officer Role and User role to enhance security

    • Provide technical support for implementing cryptography using the library through the maintenance contract portion of the procurement

    • Provide documentation on integrating library in custom code

    • Install as a Java Extension and perform a digital signature self-test as part of executable module's integrity checking during loading

    • Support external calls to PKCS#11 connected Hardware Security Modules (HSM).  The use of a C library and JNI is acceptable for this
      functionality only

    • Demonstrate a history of maintaining up-to-date FIPS 140-2 validation for the cryptographic library

    • Demonstrate a commitment to future maintenance of up-to-date FIPS 140-2 validation for the cryptographic library

    • Optional requirement:  Extended licensing to integrate in any and all application Java applications with the enterprise.

    • The product does not require external access to a 3rd party site outside of the OPM environment.

    • The product is available for download (immediately and at no cost) pending formal product delivery.

    • Offeror provides evidence of FIPS 140-2 validations.


2. Past Performance:

The offeror shall summarize experience and market presence of portal and collaboration products and services using public source references
(e.g., Gartner, Forrester or other IT reporting media) with three (3) past performance references for the eSignature product being proposed. The
three  (3) references must have been successfully performed in the past three years.  The information about the three (3) references shall be in
sufficient detail to describe the previous experience and effectiveness of the offeror in similar or closely related work and demonstrate the
offeror’s current ability to accomplish the tasks in this solicitation.  Of the three (3) past performance references, at least two (2) should
be government agencies, and at least one (1) reference should be one who presented a scheduling challenge to the eSignature implementation by
the vendor.  The details of the scheduling challenge should be detailed in the reference.  Customer references shall also be substantiated for
at least one (1) of the three (3) past performance references using the Customer Reference Questionnaire provided in Appendix A.  The offeror
shall ensure that the Program Manager, Contract Manager or an authorized representative of the company complete the Performance Questionnaire
(Appendix A) and submit it directly to the Contract Specialist via email (lisa.adgerson@opm.gov) before the close date and time of the
solicitation.  As a minimum, offerors shall include the following information for each contract and subcontract for each of the three (3)
customer references:

           • Name of contract or project;
           • Contract Number;
           • Role (Prime or Subcontractor);
           • Sponsoring Organization or Company;
           • Contract type;
           • Period of Performance;
           • Total Contract Value;
           • Contract Manager and telephone number;
           • Program Manager and telephone number;
           • Project description, scope of work preformed, services or products delivered;
           • Major success or accomplishments, and
           • Major problems, lessons learned, and solution(s) applied if applicable.
               • It is imperative that the offeror explain the relevance of the data provided.


2.1 Additional Instructions for Preparing the Past Performance

(1). Offer has delivered this identical product or a like product and maintenance/warranties to other federal customers.

(2) Offeror provides evidence demonstrating their history or maintaining up to dat FIPS 140-2 validation

(3) Offeror provides evidence of their commitment to continuing to maintain up to date FIPS 140-2 validation.



3. Price:

Offerors shall submit Firm-Fixed Price quotations Reponses for below



|CLIN                  |Period of Performance        |Item                        |Price                         |
|00001                 |Base Year                    |Encryption library and      |                              |
|                      |                             |maintenance support         |                              |
|10000                 |Option Year                  |Maintenance and support     |                              |
|Total                 |Total                        |                            |                              |



The quotation must contain sufficient information to allow the Government to perform a basic analysis of the proposed price of the work.  The
vendor shall submit sufficiently detailed information to permit the Contracting Officer and authorized representatives to evaluate the offer.

















52.212-2, Evaluation - Commercial Item (JAN 1999)


(a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation
will be LPTA to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers:.



      1.Technical Approach

      2. Past Performance

      3. Price

(b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic
requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options
shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s).

(c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance
specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration time,
the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of
withdrawal is received before award.

1. Technical Approach

The offeror shall include in its quotation a statement of a commercial off the shelf encryption library that meets the following requirements
and is or identical in specifications to RSA’s BSAFE® Java library including FIPS 140 validation.


(1). The contractor shall provide documentation to reflect that the product meets or does not meet each of the requirements and FIPS 140-2
specifications as follows:

    • Be licensed for use in development, integration, test, production and disaster recovery environments where there is one and only one
      version of “production available” application

    • Be FIPS 140-2 Level I validated

    • Be implemented in pure Java (cannot require the use of Java Native Interface [JNI])

    • Be implemented to be a Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) provider

    • Be validated on Intel x86 64-bit architecture

    • Be validated for use with Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.x or 6.x (6.x preferred)

    • Be validated for use with the Oracle (previously Sun) Java Runtime Environment (JRE) versions 1.5 and 1.6

    • Support and be validated for ALL of the FIPS approved algorithms listed below. (See http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/fips/fips140-
      2/fips1402annexa.pdf for complete list.)

    o Symmetric Key (Advanced Encryption Standard [AES], Triple-DES Encryption Algorithm [TDEA])

    o Asymmetric Key (Digital Signature Standards (DSS) of types - DSA, RSA and ECDSA)

    o Secure Hash Standard (SHS) (SHA-1, SHA-224, SHA-256, SHA-384 and SHA-512)

    o Deterministic Random Number Generators (RNG) or Deterministic Random Bit Generator (DRBG) (Use seeded values)

    o Message Authentication (Triple-DES, AES and SHS) (HMAC)

    • Have at least implicit assignment of Cryptographic Officer Role and User role to enhance security

    • Provide technical support for implementing cryptography using the library through the maintenance contract portion of the procurement

    • Provide documentation on integrating library in custom code

    • Install as a Java Extension and perform a digital signature self-test as part of executable module's integrity checking during loading

    • Support external calls to PKCS#11 connected Hardware Security Modules (HSM).  The use of a C library and JNI is acceptable for this
      functionality only

    • Demonstrate a history of maintaining up-to-date FIPS 140-2 validation for the cryptographic library

    • Demonstrate a commitment to future maintenance of up-to-date FIPS 140-2 validation for the cryptographic library

    • Optional requirement:  Extended licensing to integrate in any and all application Java applications with the enterprise

    • The product does not require external access to a 3rd party site outside of the OPM environment.

    • The product is available for download (immediately and at no cost) pending formal product delivery.

(2.)  Offeror's solution meets FIPS 140-2 validation.


2. Past Performance Approach

Past performance will be evaluated to determine the offeror’s performance risk for this solicitation. Past performance will be evaluated on how
well the offeror performed on the contracts/work identified in the offeror’s proposal and the Customer Reference Questionnaires submitted to the
Contracting Officer. Past performance will evaluate overall contract/work performance as it relates to cost, schedule, and performance,
including the offeror’s history for reasonable and cooperative behavior and commitment to customer satisfaction, and generally, the offeror’s
business-like concern for the interest of its customers. Past performance will also evaluate offerer’s expert knowledge, skills and capabilities
in implementing a eSignature solution and expert knowledge, skills and capabilities in supporting eSignature tools.

1.)  Offeror delivered identical product or a like product and maintenance/warranties to other federal customers.

2.) Offeror provided evidence demonstrating their history of maintaining up-to-date FIPS 140-2 validation.

3.) Offeror provided evidence of their commitment to continuing to maintain up-to date FIPS-140-2 validations.


The Government will give consideration to relevant past performance questionnaires submitted by the offeror.  It is imperative that the offeror
explain the relevance of the data provided.

The Government will not be responsible for requesting questionnaires from customer references.  The contractor is responsible for ensuring
questionnaires are submitted to the Contracting Officer prior to the closing date and time of the RFQ.

The Government reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources including
Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) ratings, Past Performance Information Retrieval System (PPIRS) ratings, and sources
outside the Government, regardless of whether such information has been provided by the offeror. The Government also reserves the right to
contact references and points of contact provided by the offeror and otherwise verify statements and representations made in the offeror’s
proposal. The Government will determine which past performance data is most relevant. Past performance information obtained independently of the
offeror’s proposal may be more relevant than past performance information submitted by the offeror. Offerors are reminded that while the
Government may elect to consider data obtained from other sources, the burden of providing thorough and complete past performance source data,
including the return of questionnaires, rests with the offerors.



3. Price

While neither a weighted criterion nor a controlling factor, price will be an important evaluation consideration in selecting a contractor under
this request.  The Government may award to other than the lowest priced technically acceptable proposals if another proposal’s technical merit
justifies the additional cost.  The degree of the importance of the cost will increase with the degree of equality of proposals with regard to
other factors on which selection will be based.


The Government reserve the right to award the contract to other than the lowest priced offeror if, in our judgment, the technical superiority of
their offer outweighs any price difference. The Government also reserve the right to award the contract to other than the offeror with the
highest ranked technical proposal if, in our judgment, the potential price savings offset a difference in technical qualifications.
Additionally, we may:


      (1) Reject any and all offers;
      (2) Accept other than the lowest priced proposal; and
      (3) Waive information and minor irregularities in offers received.


Additionally, price will be evaluated to ensure the following:

      (1) Realistic
      (2) Clear understanding
      (3) All services



                                                            PERFORMANCE QUESTIONNAIRE

                                                       U.S. Office of Personnel Management
          eSignature, commercial encryption library, for  integration into Electronic Questionnaire for Investigative Processing (eQIP).



From:   Lisa Adgerson
      Contract Specialist
      Office of Personnel Management
      Facilities, Security & Contracting
      1900 E. Street, N.W., Rm. 1342 Contracting
      Washington, D.C.  20415

Subject:  Request for Past Performance Information

1.  The Office of Personnel Management is in the process of selecting a vendor to identify a eSignature, commercial encryption library, for
integration into Electronic Questionnaire for Investigative Processing (eQIP).

2.  One of the considerations in proposal evaluation is the Contractors’ past performance.

3.  Although this questionnaire was distributed to you by the Contractor/Offeror, it is important you complete the questionnaire and e-mail it
directly to the government’s Contracting Specialist at the following e-mail address lisa.adgerson@opm.gov, Questionnaires must be submitted no
later than 1:00 pm, Eastern Standard Time, on June 15, 2011.

4.  Once the questionnaire is filled out, it becomes source-selection sensitive and will be handled accordingly.

5.  Your help and response prior to 1:00 pm on June 15, 2011 is greatly appreciated.

6.  If you have any concerns, please contact Ms. Lisa Adgerson, Contract Specialist, U.S. Office of Personnel Management at 202-606-2155, or by
email, above.

APPENDIX A

                                                            PERFORMANCE QUESTIONNAIRE
                                                       U.S. Office of Personnel Management
          eSignature, commercial encryption library, for  integration into Electronic Questionnaire for Investigative Processing (eQIP).

A. CONTRACT IDENTIFICATION

1. Contractor (Company/Division):

2. Contract Number:

3. Brief Description of Requirement (Supplies/Services):

4. Contract Type:

5. Period of Performance (Basic and any options):

6. Unusual Contract Features or Conditions:

7. Award Information:

        (a) Competitive Award: _____Yes _____No

8. Contract Value:

9. Offeror Performed as the ο Prime Contractor ο Sub-Contractor.

B. RESPONDENT INFORMATION:

Name of Respondent:

Title:

Telephone Number:

Email Address:



C. PERFORMANCE INFORMATION: Please circle the number on the scale of 1 to 6 that most accurately describes the contractor’s performance or
situation.

PLEASE PROVIDE A NARRATIVE EXPLANATION FOR ANY RATINGS OF 1 OR 2.

|1                       |2                       |3                       |4                       |5                       |6                                   |
|Unsatisfactory          |Marginal                |None                    |Satisfactory (S)        |Very Good               |Exceptional                         |
|(U)                     |(M)                     |(N)                     |                        |(VG)                    |(E)                                 |
|Performance did not meet|Performance did not meet|No record of past       |Performance met contract|Performance met all     |Performance met all contract        |
|most contractual        |some contractual        |performance or the      |requirements. There were|contract requirements   |requirements and exceeded many to   |
|requirements. There were|requirements. There were|record is inconclusive. |some minor problems and |and exceeded some to the|the government’s benefit. Problems, |
|serious problems and the|problems, some of a     |                        |corrective actions taken|government’s benefit.   |if any, were negligible and were    |
|contractor’s corrective |serious nature, for     |                        |by the contractor were  |There were a few minor  |resolved in a timely, highly        |
|actions were            |which corrective action |                        |satisfactory.           |problems which the      |effective manner                    |
|ineffective.            |was only marginally     |                        |                        |contractor resolved in a|                                    |
|                        |effective.              |                        |                        |timely, effective       |                                    |
|                        |                        |                        |                        |manner.                 |                                    |





|1                                                                                                                                                   |
|2                                                                                                                                                   |
|3                                                                                                                                                   |
|4                                                                                                                                                   |
|5.                                                                                                                                                  |
|6.                                                                                                                                                  |
|7                                                                                                                                                   |
|8                                                                                                                                                   |
|9     |Demonstrated adherence to requirements and guidelines for obtaining and maintaining FIPS 140-2 validations                                   |1                                                                                                 |
|      |                                                                                                                                             |U                                                                                                 |


 D. EMAIL COMPLETED QUESTIONNAIRE FORM TO:

Office of Personnel Management
ATTN: Lisa Adgerson, Contract Specialist
Email: Lisa.Adgerson@opm.gov







